
ecNumber	1	pdb	2com	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2dw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2ejr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2h94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2hko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2iw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2iw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2j8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2l3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2oby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2oby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2oby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2oby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2oby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2uyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2v1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2v1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2v1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2x0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2x0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2x0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2xas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2y48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2y48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2y48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2z3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	2z5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3abt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3abu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3obz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	3zn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4bay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4bay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4czz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4czz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4fwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4fwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4fwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4fwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4fwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4gut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4guu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4guu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4hsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4hsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4hsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4kum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4kum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4uxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4xbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4xbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	4xbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5h6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5h6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5h6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5h6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5h6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5h6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5it3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5it3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5l3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5lhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5x60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5x60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1	pdb	5x60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1	pdb	2qq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1m6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1mx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	1zua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	3gug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4bur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4bur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4bur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4bur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4bv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4fdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4ga8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4gab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4gq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4gqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4i5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4icc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4jih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4jii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4lce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4lii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4u6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4u6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4xzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4xzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	4xzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5en4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5fs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5hs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5js6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5jsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5kvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5kvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5kvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5l7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5l7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5l7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5lik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5liu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5liw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5lix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5liy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5m2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5m3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5m3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5w38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	5w38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	6cdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1	pdb	6cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1agn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1agn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1agn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1agn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1d1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1deh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1deh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1hsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1ht0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1ht0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1htb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1htb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1m6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1m6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1ma0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1ma0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1mc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1mc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1mp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1mp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1teh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1teh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	1u3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	2fze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	2fze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	2fzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	2fzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3cos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3cos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3cos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3cos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3hud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3hud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3qj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.1	pdb	3qj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.2	pdb	2alr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.8	pdb	1wpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.8	pdb	1wpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.8	pdb	1x0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.8	pdb	1x0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.8	pdb	1x0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	1pr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	1pr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	1wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	1wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	1wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	1wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	3d3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.10	pdb	3d3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.14	pdb	1pl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1abn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1ads	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1az1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1az2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1ef3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1ef3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1el3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1mar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1pwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1pwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1t40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1t41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1us0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1x96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1x97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1x98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1xgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1z3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1z89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	1z8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2acq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2acr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2acs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2acu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2agt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2dux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2duz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2dv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2f2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2fz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2fz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2fzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2fzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2hv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2hvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2hvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2i16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2i17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2ikg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2ikh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2iki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2ikj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2ine	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2inz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2ipw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2iq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2iqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2is7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2isf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2j8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2nvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2nvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2pzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2qxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	2r24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3bcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3dn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3ghr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3ghs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3ght	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3ghu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3lbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3ld5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3len	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3lep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3lqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3lql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3lz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3lz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3m0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3m4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3m64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3mb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3mc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3onb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3onc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3p2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3q65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3q65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3q67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3q67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3rx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3rx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3rx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3s3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3t42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3u2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3v35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	3v36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4gca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4igs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4jir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4lau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4laz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4lb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4lb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4lbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4lbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4nkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4pr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4prr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4prt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4puu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4puw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4q7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4qbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4qr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4qx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4qxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4rpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4xzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4xzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4xzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4ys1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	4yu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	5ha7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	5ha7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	5ou0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	5ouj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.21	pdb	5ouk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2q3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	2qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3prj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3prj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3prj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3prj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3prj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3prj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	3tf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	4edf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	4edf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	4edf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	4edf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	4rjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	4rjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	4rjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5tjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5tjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5tjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5tjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5tjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5tjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5w4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5w4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	5w4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.22	pdb	6c4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1t2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1t2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1t2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	1t2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4jnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4jnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4jnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4jnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4l4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4l4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4l4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4l4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4m49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4m49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4m49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4m49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4ojn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4r69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4rls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4rls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4rls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4rls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4zvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4zvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4zvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	4zvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5ixy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.27	pdb	5w8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2gf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2gf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2gf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2gf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2i9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2i9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2i9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.31	pdb	2i9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1dqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	1hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2q6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2r4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2r4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2r4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	2r4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3bgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3bgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3bgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3bgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3ccz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.34	pdb	3cdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1f17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1il0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1il0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1lsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1lsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1lso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1lso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1m75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1m75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1m76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1m76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1so8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1zbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1zbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1zbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1zbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1zbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	1zbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	2hdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	2hdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	2o23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	2o23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	3had	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	3had	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	3rqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.35	pdb	3rqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	2dfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	2dfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	2dfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	2dfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.37	pdb	4wlv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1do8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1do8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1do8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1do8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1efl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1gz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1qr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.38	pdb	1qr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.40	pdb	2aw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.40	pdb	2aw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.40	pdb	2aw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.40	pdb	3wja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.40	pdb	3wja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5gre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5gre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5grf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5grf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5grh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5grh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5gri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5gri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5grl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5grl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5yvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.41	pdb	5yvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	1t09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	1t09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	1t0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	1t0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	1t0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	1t0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3inm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3inm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3inm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3map	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3map	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3mar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3mar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3mas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	3mas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4i3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4i3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4i3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4i3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4ja8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4ja8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4kzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4kzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4kzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4l06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4umx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4umx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4umy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4umy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4xrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4xrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4xs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	4xs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5de1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5de1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5i95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5i96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5i96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5k10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5k10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5k11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5k11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5l57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5l58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5lge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5lge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5lge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5lge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5sun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5sun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5svo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5tqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5tqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5tqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5tqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5yfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5yfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5yfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5yfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	5yfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	6b0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	6b0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	6b0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.42	pdb	6b0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	2jkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	2jkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	2jkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	2jkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	2jkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	2jkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	4gwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.44	pdb	4gwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	1qki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	2bh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	2bhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	2bhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5ukw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.49	pdb	5vg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.51	pdb	2q3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1bhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1dht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1equ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1equ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1fdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1i5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1ikt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1iol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1qyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1qyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1qyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1yb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	1yb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	2pd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	2pd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	2pd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	2pd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3dey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3dhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3hb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3hb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3klm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3klp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3km0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	3km0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.62	pdb	4cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2gcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2gcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2gcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2gcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2q50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2q50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2q50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2q50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.79	pdb	2wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	2g76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	2g76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5n53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5n53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5n6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5n6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5nzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5nzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5nzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5nzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5nzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5nzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5ofm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5ofm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5ofv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5ofv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.95	pdb	5ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.141	pdb	2gdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	1xu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2ilt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2irw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2rbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2rbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2rbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	2rbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3byz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3byz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3byz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3byz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3bzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3bzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3bzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3bzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3czr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3czr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3d5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3fco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3fco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3frj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3frj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3h6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3h6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3h6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3h6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3hfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3hfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3hfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3hfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3oq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3oq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3oq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3oq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3pdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3pdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3qqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3qqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3qqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3qqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3tfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3tfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3tfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	3tfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4bb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4bb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4bb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4bb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4bb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4bb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4c7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4hfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4hfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4hx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4hx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4hx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4hx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4iju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4iju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4iju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4iju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4ijw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4k1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4k1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4k1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4k1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4p38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4p38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4yyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	4yyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.146	pdb	5pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	1z6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	1z6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	1z6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	1z6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	1z6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	1z6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4hwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4j7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4xwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4xwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4xwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4xwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4z3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4z3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4z3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.153	pdb	4z3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	1wma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	2hrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	2pfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	3bhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	3bhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	3bhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	3o4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	3o4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	3o4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	3o4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	4z3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	4z3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	4z3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.184	pdb	4z3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1e28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1e28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1e28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1p7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1p7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1p7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1p7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1q94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1q94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1q94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1q94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1q94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	1q94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	3w39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	3w39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	3w39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	3w39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	3w39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.188	pdb	3w39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1b3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1b3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1jcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1jcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1nf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1nf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1nfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.205	pdb	1nfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.225	pdb	2fvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.225	pdb	2fvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.225	pdb	2fvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4b8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4b8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4b8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4b8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4b8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4b8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4bl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4e5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4e5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4e5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.271	pdb	4e5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	1juo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	1juo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	2jc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	2jc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	2jc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	2jc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	4u8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	4u8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	4upg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	4usl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	4usl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	5mra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	5mra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	5mra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.284	pdb	5mra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	3lre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	3lre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5oam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5oam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5oam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5ocu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5ocu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5ocu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5ogc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5ogc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.1.381	pdb	5ogc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2nzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2rdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2rdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2rdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2w0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2w0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2w0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.1.3.15	pdb	2w0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1cw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1nzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	1zum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2ono	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2onp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	2vle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3inl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	3sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4fr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4qgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	4qgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.3	pdb	5l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	3sza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	3sza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	3szb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	3szb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4h80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4l1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4l1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	4l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.5	pdb	5fhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.8	pdb	5gt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1u8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1u8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1u8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1u8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1znq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1znq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1znq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	1znq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	3gpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	3gpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	3h9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	3h9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	3pfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	3pfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	4wni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	5c7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	5c7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	5c7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.12	pdb	5c7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.24	pdb	2w8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.24	pdb	2w8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.24	pdb	2w8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.24	pdb	2w8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.24	pdb	2w8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	2j6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4x0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.31	pdb	4zvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4wb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4wj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4wp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4wpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4x2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4x2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4x2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4x2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	4x4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5ac2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5l2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	5tei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6alj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6alj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6alj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6alj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.36	pdb	6b5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.41	pdb	2h5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.41	pdb	2h5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	3v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	4oe5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	4oe5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	4oe5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.1.88	pdb	4oe5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.3.1	pdb	4uhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.3.1	pdb	4uhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.3.1	pdb	5epg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	1ni4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	1ni4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	1ni4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	1ni4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	2ozl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	2ozl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	2ozl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	2ozl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.1	pdb	3exi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1dtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1dtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1ols	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1ols	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1olu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1olu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1olx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1olx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1u5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1u5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1v1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	1x80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2beu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2beu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2beu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2bff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.2.4.4	pdb	2j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	1zsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	1zsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	1zsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	1zsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	4wfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	4wft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	4wft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	4wft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1	pdb	4xp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3bur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3bur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3buv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3buv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3caq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3caq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3cot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3dop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3dop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.3	pdb	3uzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.8	pdb	1yxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.8	pdb	1yxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.8	pdb	1yxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.8	pdb	1yxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.24	pdb	2h63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.24	pdb	2h63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.24	pdb	2h63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.24	pdb	2h63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	1w8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.34	pdb	4fc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2c0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2c0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2vna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2w4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2w98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2w98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2wek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2wek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2x1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2x1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2x7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2x7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2zb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2zb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.48	pdb	2zb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.104	pdb	1zsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.104	pdb	2vcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.1.104	pdb	2vcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.3.3	pdb	2aex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.3.4	pdb	3nks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.3.4	pdb	4ivm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.3.4	pdb	4ivo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	1d3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	1d3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2b0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2bxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2fpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2fpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2fpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2fqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2prh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2prl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2prm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	2wv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3f1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3fj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3fjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3kvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3kvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3kvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3kvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3u2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3w7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	3zwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4igh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4jgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4js3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4jts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4jtt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4jtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4ls0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4ls1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4ls2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4oqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4rk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4rka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4rli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4rr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4ylw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4zl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	4zmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5h2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5h73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5hin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5hqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5k9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5k9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5mut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5mvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5mvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	5tce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	6cjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	6cjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	6cjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.5.2	pdb	6et4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.1	pdb	2vig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.4	pdb	1ivh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.4	pdb	1ivh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.4	pdb	1ivh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.4	pdb	1ivh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.6	pdb	1siq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.6	pdb	1sir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.6	pdb	2r0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.6	pdb	2r0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1egd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1ege	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1ege	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1ege	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1ege	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1t9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1t9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1t9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1t9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1t9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	1t9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	2a1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	2a1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	2a1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	2a1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	2a1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	2a1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	4p13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	4p13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	4p13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.7	pdb	4p13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.9	pdb	2uxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.8.9	pdb	3b96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	1rx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	1rx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	1rx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	1rx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	2jif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	2jif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	2jif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.3.99	pdb	2jif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4	pdb	3qj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4	pdb	3qj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1l1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1l1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1l1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1l1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1l1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1l1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.1.3	pdb	1nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2du8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2du8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2du8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2du8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	2e82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3cuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3cuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3cuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3cuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3w4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3znn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3znn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3zno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3zno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3znp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3znp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3znq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	3znq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	4qfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	4qfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	4qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.3	pdb	4qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1gos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1gos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1oj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1oj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1oja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1oja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1ojd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	1s3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2bxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2byb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2byb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2c76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2v5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2v5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2v60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2v60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2v61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2v61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2vrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2vrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2vrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2vrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2vz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2vz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2xfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2z5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	2z5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	3po7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	3po7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	3zyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	3zyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	4a79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	4a79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	4a7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	4a7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	4crt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	4crt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	5mrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	5mrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	6fvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	6fvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	6fw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	6fw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	6fwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.4	pdb	6fwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.5	pdb	1nrg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.5	pdb	3hy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.13	pdb	5ze3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.13	pdb	5ze3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	1pu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	1pu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	1us1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	1us1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2c11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2y73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2y73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2y74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	2y74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	3ala	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	3ala	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	3ala	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	3ala	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	3ala	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	3ala	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	3ala	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	4btw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	4btw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	4btx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	4btx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	4bty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.21	pdb	4bty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3hi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3hi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3hig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3hig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3hii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3hii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3k5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3mph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.4.3.22	pdb	3mph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2ger	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2ger	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2ger	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2ger	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2ger	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2izz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2izz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2izz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2izz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	2izz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.2	pdb	5uax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1boz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1dlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1drf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1hfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1hfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1kms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1kmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1mvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1mvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1ohj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1ohk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1pd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1pd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1pdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1s3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1s3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1s3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1u71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1u72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	1yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2c2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2c2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2c2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2c2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2w3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2w3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2w3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2w3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2w3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	2w3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3f8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3f8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3f91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3fs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3ghc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3ghv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3ghw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3gi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3gyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3l3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3n0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3ntz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3nzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3oaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3s3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	3s7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4ddr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4g95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4keb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4keb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4kfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4m6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4m6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4m6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4qhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	4qjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5ht4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5ht5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	5hve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	6dav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	6dav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	6de4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.3	pdb	6de4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1a4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1a4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1dia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1dia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1dib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1dib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1dig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.5	pdb	1dig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.6	pdb	2bw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.6	pdb	2cfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.6	pdb	2cq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.8	pdb	5l76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.8	pdb	5l78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.8	pdb	5l78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.8	pdb	5o1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.8	pdb	5o1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.8	pdb	5o1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.8	pdb	5o1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.15	pdb	5tc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.20	pdb	6fcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.20	pdb	6fcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.30	pdb	1hdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.30	pdb	1he2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.30	pdb	1he3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.30	pdb	1he4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.30	pdb	1he5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.30	pdb	5oog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.30	pdb	5ooh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.1.34	pdb	1hdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.8.4	pdb	5l46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.5.8.4	pdb	5l46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6	pdb	4h2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6	pdb	4h2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.1.2	pdb	1djl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.1.2	pdb	1djl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.1.2	pdb	1pt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.1.2	pdb	1pt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.1.2	pdb	1u31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.1.2	pdb	1u31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.2	pdb	1umk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.2	pdb	3lf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.2	pdb	3lf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	1b1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3fjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	3qft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	5emn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	5emn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	5fa6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.2.4	pdb	5fa6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1d4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1d4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1d4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1d4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1dxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1dxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1dxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1dxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1h69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1qbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1qbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1qbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	1qbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	2f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	3jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	4cet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	4cf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	4cf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5a4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5a4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5a4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5a4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5ea2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5ea2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5ea2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5ea2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5eai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5fuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.2	pdb	5fuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	1s3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.3	pdb	5xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.5	pdb	1yb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.6.5.5	pdb	1yb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2a7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2a7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2a7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2a7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2ble	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.7.1.7	pdb	2c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	1zy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	2f5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	3rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	3rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	3rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	3rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	3rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	3rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5j5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5j5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.4	pdb	5nhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1alg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1bwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1dnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1grb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1gre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1grf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1grg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1grh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1grt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1gsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1k4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	1xan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	2aaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	2gh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	2gh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	2grt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3djg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3djj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3dk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3dk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3dk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3grs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3grt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3sqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	3sqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	4gr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	4grt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.7	pdb	5grt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2cfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2cfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2cfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2cfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2cfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2cfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	2zzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3h8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3h8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.1.9	pdb	3qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.1	pdb	1mj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3llk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3llk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3llk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3mbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3mbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3mbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3o55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3q6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3tk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3u2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3u2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	3u5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	4ij3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	4ij3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	4ij3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.3.2	pdb	4ldk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.4	pdb	3ahq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.4	pdb	3ahr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.4	pdb	3mao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.4.2	pdb	1sen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.4.2	pdb	2k8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.5.1	pdb	2cqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.5.1	pdb	2jku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.98.2	pdb	1xw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.98.2	pdb	1xw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.98.2	pdb	1yzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.98.2	pdb	2b6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.98.2	pdb	3cyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	1y1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	1y1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	1y1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	1y1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	1y1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	1y1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	1z70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2aft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2afy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2aii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2aij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2aij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2aik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2aik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2hi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2hi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.8.99	pdb	2hib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.2.2	pdb	5xte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1qr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1qr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1sg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1sg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1xi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1xi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1zx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	1zx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2bzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2bzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	2qx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3fw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3gam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3gam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3o2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3o2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3o73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3o73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ovm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ovm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3owh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3owh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3owx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3owx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ox1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ox1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ox2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ox2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ox3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3ox3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3te7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3te7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3tem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3tem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3tzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3tzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3tzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3tzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3uxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3uxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3uxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	3uxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4fgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4gqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4gqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4gr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4gr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4qoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4u7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4u7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4u7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4u7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4u7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4u7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4xdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4xdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4xdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4xdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	4zvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5buc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5buc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.10.5.1	pdb	5lbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1dgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1f4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1f4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1f4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1f4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1qqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1qqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1qqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.6	pdb	1qqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2f8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2f8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2he3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2i3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2p31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2p31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2r37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	2r37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	3cyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	3cyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	3cyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	3kij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	3kij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.9	pdb	3kij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	2gs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	2obi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	5h5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	5h5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	5h5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	5h5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	5h5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.12	pdb	5h5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1h4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1hd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1oc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1oc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1oc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1prx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1prx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	1urm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2rii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2rii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2rii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2rii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	2vl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3hy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3hy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3hy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3hy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3mng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3tks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3wgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3wgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3wgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	3wgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4k7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4mmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4mmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4mmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4mmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4rqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4rqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4rqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4rqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4rqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4xcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4xcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4xcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4xcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4xcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	4xcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5b6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5cuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5cuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5cuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5cuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5cuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5dj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5dj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5dj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5dj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5dj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5hqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5hqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5hqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5hqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ijt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5jcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5t0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5t0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5t0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5t0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5t0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.1.15	pdb	5ucx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1cxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1cxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1cxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1cxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1d7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1dnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1myp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1myp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1myp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	1myp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	3zs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4c1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4c1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4c1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4c1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	4dl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5fiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5fiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5fiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5fiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5mfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5wdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5wdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5wdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	5wdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	6azp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	6azp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	6bmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.11.2.2	pdb	6bmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11	pdb	4nre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.5	pdb	1ey2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.5	pdb	1eyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.6	pdb	2qnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.6	pdb	5tk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.6	pdb	5tkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	4pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5ti9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5ti9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5ti9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5ti9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5tia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5tia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5tia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.11	pdb	5tia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.18	pdb	4chl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.18	pdb	4chl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.20	pdb	2ic1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.20	pdb	6bgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.20	pdb	6bgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	1j1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	3acl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	4ero	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	4ewa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	4ewd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	4ewe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	4gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	4hlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.24	pdb	5jct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.27	pdb	3isq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.27	pdb	5ec3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.31	pdb	3d3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.31	pdb	3d3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3o8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3o8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3v92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3v92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3v98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3v98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3v99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.34	pdb	3v99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	2d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	2d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	2d0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	2d0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4pk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4pk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4pk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4pk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4u72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4u72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4u74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	4u74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5ek2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5ek2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5ek3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5ek3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5ek4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5ek4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5etw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5etw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5whr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5whr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5wn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5xe1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	5xe1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6azw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6f0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.52	pdb	6f0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.11.54	pdb	4qgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.99.1	pdb	2ibn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.13.99.1	pdb	2ibn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	1xtq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	1xtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	1xts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2cq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2e6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2gp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2iuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2jrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2jxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2kgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2kgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2kgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ma5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2mny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2mnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2mnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2oq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2oq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2oq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2oq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ot7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ot7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ot7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ot7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ox0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ox0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ox0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ox0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2p5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2p5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2p5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2p5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2pxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2pxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2pxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2pxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2q8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2qqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2qqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2qqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2qqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2qqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2qqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2vd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2vd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2xdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2xml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2xml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2xue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2xue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2xxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2xxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ybs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ypd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2ypd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	2yqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3avr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3avr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3avs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3dxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3dxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3gl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3gl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3k2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3k2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3kvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3ld8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3ld8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3ld8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3ldb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3ldb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3ldb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3lfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3njy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3njy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3ptr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3pus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3rvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3rvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3sea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3sea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3t5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3t5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3thp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3u4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3u4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3u4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3u4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3u78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3zli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3zli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3zpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	3zpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ai9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ai9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4bis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4bis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4bu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4bxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4bxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4bxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4bxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4c8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ccn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4cxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4d6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4d6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4d6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4hon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4hon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4hon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4hon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4hoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4hoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4idz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ie0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ie4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ie5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ie6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ie7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4lxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4lxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4nrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4o61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4o61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4o7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4oct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4oct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4qkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4uc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4uc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4uf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4uf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ura	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4ura	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4v2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4v2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4v2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4v2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4v2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4v2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4v2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4xdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4xdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4xdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4xdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4y4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4zs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	4zs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5a80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5c11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5c11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ceh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ceh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5d6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5dab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5e6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5f8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5fzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5isl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ivb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ivc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ive	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ivf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ivj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ivv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ivy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5iw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5iwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5k4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5k4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5k4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5k4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5kr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5kr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5lw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5lwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5oy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5oy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ph9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5php	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5phz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5piq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5piu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5piv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5piw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5piy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5piz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ple	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5ply	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5plz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5png	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5pnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5tvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5tvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5tvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5tvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5v9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5v9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5v9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5v9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5v9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5var	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5vmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5yxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5yxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5yxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	5yxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6asd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6asd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6asd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6bt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6cg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6ein	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6eiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6eiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6ej0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6ej1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6ek6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6fqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6fqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6fqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11	pdb	6fqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	3ms5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	3n6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	3o2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4bgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4bgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4bhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4bhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4bhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4c5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4c8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4c8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4c8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4c8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4c8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4c8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.1	pdb	4cwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	1tjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	1tjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	2v5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	2v5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	2yq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	2yq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4bta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4btb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.2	pdb	4btb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	4nm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	4nm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	4nm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	5d9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	5d9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	5d9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	5deu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	5deu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.n2	pdb	5deu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5apa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.16	pdb	5jzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.18	pdb	2a1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	2wwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	2yu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	2yu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	3k3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	3k3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	3kv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	3kv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	3uyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	3uyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4aap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4aap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4bbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4bbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4diq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4diq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4do0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4e4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4e4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4e4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4e4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4gaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4gaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4gjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4gjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4o64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4o64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4o64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	4qu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	5fbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	5jh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	5jh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	5jh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	5jh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6avs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6ax3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.27	pdb	6f4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	2g19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	2g1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	2hbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	2hbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	2y33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	2y34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	3hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	3hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	3hqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	3hqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	3ouh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	3oui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	3ouj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	4bqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	4bqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	4bqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	4jzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	4kbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	4uwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5a3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5a3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5a3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5l9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5la9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5la9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5la9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5la9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5las	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5las	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5las	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5las	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5lat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5lb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5lbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5lbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5lbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5lbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5ox5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5ox6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5v18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.29	pdb	5v1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1h2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1h2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1h2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1h2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1h2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1h2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1h2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1iz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1mze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1mzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	1yci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2cgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2cgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2ilm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2ilm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2w0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2wa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2wa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2xum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2xum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2y0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2y0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2yc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	2yde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3d8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3d8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3kcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3kcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3od4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3p3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3p3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3p3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	3p3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4ai8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4b7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4b7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4b7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4b7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4bio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4jaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4jaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4z1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	4z2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	5jwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	5jwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	5jwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	5jwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	5op6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	5op8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.30	pdb	5opc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3btx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3btx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3btx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3bty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3bty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3bty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3btz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3btz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3btz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3bu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3bu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3bu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3buc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3buc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3buc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3h8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3rzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3s57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3s57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3s57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3s5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3s5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	3s5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	4mg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	4mg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	4mg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	4mgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	4mgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.33	pdb	4mgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.11.42	pdb	3al6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	1z11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	2fdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3e4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3e4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3e6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3e6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3ebs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3ebs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3ebs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3ebs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3gph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3gph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3ibd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3koh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3koh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3lc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3lc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3qoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3t3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3ua5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	3ua5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4ejj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4ejj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4ejj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4ejj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4gqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4gqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4gqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4gqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4i91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rrt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rrt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4rui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	4zv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5uap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5uap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5uda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5uda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5uec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5ufg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13	pdb	5wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.9	pdb	5x68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.9	pdb	5x68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1cmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1cmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1cmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1cmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1m9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	1nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2ll6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2ll6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2ll7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2ll7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2mg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2mg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2n8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2n8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	2nsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3e7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3e7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3e7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3e7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3eah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3eah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3ej8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3ej8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3ej8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3ej8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3hr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3nos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	3nos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4cx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4cx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4cx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4cx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4d1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4nos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4nos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4nos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4nos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4uch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4uch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4uh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4uh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4uh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4uh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4v3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4v3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4v3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	4v3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5adf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5adf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5adg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5adg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5adi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5adi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5fvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5tp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5tp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5uoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5vvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.39	pdb	5xof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	3jus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	3jus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	3juv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	3ld6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	3ld6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.70	pdb	4uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	1wyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	2co8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	2d88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	2dk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	5le0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	5lpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	5lpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	5lpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	5szg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.13.225	pdb	5szg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14	pdb	3tjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14	pdb	5a5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14	pdb	5a5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14	pdb	5te8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14	pdb	5te8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14	pdb	5te8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	1pq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	1pq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2cik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2cik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2cik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2f9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2f9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2f9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2f9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2h6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2h6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2h6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2hi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2nnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2nnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2nni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2nnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2p85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2p85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2p85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2p85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2p85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2p85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2pg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	2vn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3pm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3qm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3qm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3t3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	3tda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4ejh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4eji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4i8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4i8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4i8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4i8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4wnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	4xrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5tfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.1	pdb	5veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	3eqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	3s79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	3s7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	4gl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	4gl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	4kq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	5jkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	5jkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	5jl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	5jl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.14	pdb	5jl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1n3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1n3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1n45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1n45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ni6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ni6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ni6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ni6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1oyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1oyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1oyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1oyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ozl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ozl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ozw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1ozw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1s13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1s13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1s8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1s8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1s8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1s8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1t5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1t5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1twn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1twn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	1xk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	2q32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	2q32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	2qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	2qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	2rgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	2rgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3czy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3czy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3k4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3k4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3tgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	3tgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	4wd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	4wd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	4wd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	4wd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	4wmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5btq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5btq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.18	pdb	5uca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3ruk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3ruk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3ruk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3ruk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3swz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3swz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3swz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	3swz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	4nkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5irv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.19	pdb	5uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.23	pdb	3dax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.23	pdb	3dax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.23	pdb	3sn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.23	pdb	3sn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.23	pdb	3v8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.23	pdb	3v8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.24	pdb	3c6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.24	pdb	3c6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.24	pdb	3czh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.24	pdb	3czh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.24	pdb	3dl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.24	pdb	3dl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	2q9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	2q9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	3mdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	3mdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	3mdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	3mdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	3mdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	3mdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	3mdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	4enh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	4fia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.14.25	pdb	4j14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4dvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4fdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.4	pdb	4zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3n9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.15.6	pdb	3na1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1dmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1j8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1j8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1kw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1lrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1mmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1mmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1pah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1tdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	1tg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	2pah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	2pah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	3pah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	4anp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	4pah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	5fii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	5fii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	5fii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	5fii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	5pah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.1	pdb	6pah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	2xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	2xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	2xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	2xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.2	pdb	4j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	1mlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	3hf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	3hf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	3hfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	4v06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	4v06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	5j6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	5j6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	5l01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.16.4	pdb	5tpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.17.1	pdb	4zel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.17.1	pdb	4zel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.18	pdb	5m8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.19.1	pdb	4zyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.19.34	pdb	2wwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.19.34	pdb	2wwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.19.34	pdb	3jza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.19.34	pdb	3jza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5f19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5f19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5f1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5f1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5ikv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5kir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.1	pdb	5kir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.29	pdb	4d4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.29	pdb	4d4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.29	pdb	4d50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.14.99.29	pdb	4d50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ap5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ap5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ap6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ap6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1azv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1azv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ba9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1dsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1em1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1em1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ja8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ja8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1kmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1l3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1l3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1luv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1luv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1luw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1luw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1mfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1msd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1msd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1n19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1oez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1oez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1oez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1oez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ozu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1p1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1p1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1p1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1ptz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1pu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1qnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1qnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1rk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1spd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1spd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1szx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1szx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1uxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1var	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1var	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1xdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1xdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1xil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1xil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	1zuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2adp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2adq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2af2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2af2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2c9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2c9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2c9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2c9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2c9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2c9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2gds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2jlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2jlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2jlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2jlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2lu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2mp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2nam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2p4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2p4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2p4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2p4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2qka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2qka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2qkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2qkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2r27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2r27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2v0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2v0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2vr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2vr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2vr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2vr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2vr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2wz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2xjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2xjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	2zky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3c3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3c3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3c3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3c3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3cqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3cqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3cqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3cqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3cqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3cqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ecw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3gzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3h2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3h2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3h2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3h2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3h2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3h2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3hff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3k91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3k91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3kh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ltv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ltv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ltv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ltv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ltv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3ltv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3qqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3qqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3re0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3re0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3re0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3re0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	3t5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4a7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4bd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4ff9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4ff9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4mcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4nin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4nio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4nip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4xcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	4xcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5gxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5gxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5iiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5j0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5k02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5t30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5t30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5u9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5u9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5u9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5u9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5vf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5vf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5wmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.15.1.1	pdb	5wmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3sby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3sby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3sbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3sc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	3som	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1	pdb	5uos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1.8	pdb	2qtl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.1.8	pdb	2qtz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	1ekg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	1fha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	1kcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	1ly7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2cei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2chi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2cih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2clu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2cn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2cn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2fha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2iu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2j5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	2z6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3ajo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3ajq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3es3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3s4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3s5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3s5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3s5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3s5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	3t3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4dyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4dyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4dyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4dz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4ejx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4ejx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4ejx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4enz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4oyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4y08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4ykh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	4zjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5cmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5cmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5gou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5jkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5n26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5n27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5up9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5vtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5xb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	5yi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	6b8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.16.3.1	pdb	6b8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2ckj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2ckj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2ckj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2ckj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2e1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2e1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2e1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.1.4	pdb	2e1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	2uw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	2vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	2vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	2wgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	2wgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3hnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3olj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3olj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3olj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3olj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3vpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3vpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3vpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3vpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3vpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	3vpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	4djn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	4djn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	4x3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	4x3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	5d1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	5d1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	5tus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	5tus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	6aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	6aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	6aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	6aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	6aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.17.4.1	pdb	6aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	1.21.1.1	pdb	4ttc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	1x2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	1zq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	1zq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2fyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2h00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2h00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2h00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2ipx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2l9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2nyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	2nyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3db5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3db5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3dm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3egi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3egi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3egi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3egi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3gdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3gdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3gdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3qxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3qxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3qxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3qxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3rc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3rc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3rc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3rc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	3smq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4fzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4hsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4lec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4lec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4lg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4lg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4lg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4mtl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4mtl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4qpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4qqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4rfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	4ryl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5fai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5nfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5nfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5nfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5una	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	5wwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	6ero	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1	pdb	6ero	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	2iip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	2iip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	2iip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	2iip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	3rod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	3rod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	3rod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	3rod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	5yjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	5yjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	5yjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	5yjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	6b1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	6b1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	6b1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.1	pdb	6b1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.2	pdb	3orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.2	pdb	3orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.2	pdb	3orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.2	pdb	3orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.4	pdb	4a6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.4	pdb	4a6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	1lt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	1lt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	1lt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	1lt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	4m3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	4m3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	4m3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.5	pdb	4m3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	3a7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	3bwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	3bwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	4pyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	4pyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	4pyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	4xuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	4xud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	4xue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	4xue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.6	pdb	5lsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	1jqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	1jqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	1jqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	1jqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.8	pdb	2aox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.n8	pdb	4xcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.n8	pdb	5wy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.13	pdb	2o2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.13	pdb	2o2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.13	pdb	4ccz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.20	pdb	1r74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.20	pdb	1r74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.20	pdb	2azt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.20	pdb	2azt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1hnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1hnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1n7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1n7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1n7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1n7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1yz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	1yz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2an3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2an3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2an4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2an4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2an5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2an5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2g8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2obf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2obf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2ony	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2ony	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2onz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2onz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2opb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	2opb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3hcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	3kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	4dm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	4dm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	4mik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	4mik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	4mq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.28	pdb	4mq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.33	pdb	3ckk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	1g55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	2qrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3a1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3a1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3epz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3epz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3flg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3llr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3llr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3llr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3llr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3llr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3pta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3pta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3pta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3qkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3qkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3qkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3qkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3svm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3svm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	3swr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4qbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4u7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4wxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4wxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4yoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	4yoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5ciu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5ciu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5ciu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5ciu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5wvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5wvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5wvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5wvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5ydr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5ydr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5ydr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5yx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5yx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5yx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5yx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5yx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	5yx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.37	pdb	6f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1h3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1h3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1mt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1muf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1n6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1n6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1nw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1o9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1o9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1o9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1o9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1xqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1xqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1xqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	1xqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2a7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2daq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2f69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2f69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2j2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2jv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2jyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2kkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2kkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2kkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2ku7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2kyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2lv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2mdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2mdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2mdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2msr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2msr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2mtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2mv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2mv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2ncz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2ncz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2nd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2nd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2o8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2o8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2o8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2o8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2qpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2r3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2w5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2w5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2w5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2ysm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	2yuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3b7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3b7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3bo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3cbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3cbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3cbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3cbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3cbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3cbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3dlm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3eg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3eg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3emh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3emh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3f2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3f2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3f2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3fpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3fpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3hna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3hna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3hna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3hna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3k5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3k5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3k9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3k9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3k9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3k9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3lqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3m5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3mts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3ooi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3ope	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3ope	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3os5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3os5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3oxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3oxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3oxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3oxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3p4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3p4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3p4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3pdn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3qow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3qox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3qwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3rjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3rjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3rq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3ru0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3ru0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3s8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3s8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3s8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3smt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3sr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3sw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3sw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3sw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3sw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3swc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3swc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3swc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3swc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3sx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3u88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3uwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3vuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	3vv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4e47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4e47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4e47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4e47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ek9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ekg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4eki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4eqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4er0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4er3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4er5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4er6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4er7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ery	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ery	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4erz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4es0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4es0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4esg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4esg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4esg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4esg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ewr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ewr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4fmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4gq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4h12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4hra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ijd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ijd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4j8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4jds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4jds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4jds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4jds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4jlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4jlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4l58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4l58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4mi0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4mi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4nvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4nvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4nw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4nw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4nw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4pzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4pzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4pzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4rxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4wvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ynm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ynm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ynp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ynp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ypa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ypa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ypa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ypa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ype	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ype	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ypu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4ypu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	4z4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ayf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ccl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ccm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5cpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5drt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5drt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dtm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dtm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dtq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dtq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5dtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5egb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5egb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5egb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5eh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ei9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ei9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ei9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ei9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ei9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ei9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ex0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ex0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ex3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ex3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5f6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5gsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5gsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5gsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5gsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ht6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ht6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5hyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5jle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5juw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5kch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5kco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ke2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ke3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5kh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5lt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5mvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5mvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5mw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5mw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5mw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5mw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5t0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5tfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5tfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ttf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ttf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ttf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ttf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ttg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5ttg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5tuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5tuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5tuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5tuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5u62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5upd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5v9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5vsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5wbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5wbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5wuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	5wuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6au2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6au3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6bpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6by9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6c24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6cen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6cen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6cko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6cko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6cko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.43	pdb	6cko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1hzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1i00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1i00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1ju6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1ju6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1ju6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1ju6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1juj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1juj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1juj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1juj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	1ypv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2onb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	2rda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3eaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ebu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ed7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3edw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ef9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3egy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ehi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3gh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3gh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3h9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3h9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3h9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3h9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3h9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3hb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3hb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3hb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3hb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3hb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3n5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3n5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3n5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3n5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ob7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ob7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ob7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ob7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	3ob7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4e28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4fgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4fgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4g2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4g6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4gd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4gyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4h1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4h1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4h1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4h1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4jef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4kpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4o1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4o1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4o1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4o1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4o1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4o1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4up1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4up1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4up1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	4up1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5hs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5hs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5hs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5hs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5hs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5hs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5wrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5wrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5wrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5wrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5wrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5wrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.45	pdb	5x69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.49	pdb	2a14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	3bgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	3bgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	3bgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	3bgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	3epp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	3epp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.56	pdb	5e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.57	pdb	4n48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.57	pdb	4n48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.57	pdb	4n48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.57	pdb	4n48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.57	pdb	4n49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.57	pdb	4n4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.60	pdb	4pwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5il0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5il0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5il1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5il1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5il2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5il2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5k7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5k7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5k7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5k7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5k7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5k7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5l6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5l6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5l6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5l6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5tey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5tey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.62	pdb	5yz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1eh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1eh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1eh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1qnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1t39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1yfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1yfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1yfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1yfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1yfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1yfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.63	pdb	1yfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1c7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1c7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1c7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1c7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	1egw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3kov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	3p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.64	pdb	6bz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.67	pdb	2bzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.67	pdb	2h11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.67	pdb	2h11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.77	pdb	1i1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.77	pdb	1kr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5ccx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5ccx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5ccx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5cd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5cd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5cd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5cd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5cd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.220	pdb	5cd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5ln3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5t0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.222	pdb	5vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3iei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3o7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3p71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.233	pdb	3p71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	2ex4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	2ex4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5cve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.244	pdb	5e2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.299	pdb	5ubb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	2y1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4hc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4ikp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4ikp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4ikp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4ikp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4qpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4qqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4y2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4y2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4y30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	4y30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5dxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5e8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5e8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5egs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5egs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5egs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5egs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5hzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5u4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5u4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5u4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5u4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	5wcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6arv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6d2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6d2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6d2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6d2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6d2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.319	pdb	6d2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4gqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4gqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4gqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4x60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4x60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4x61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4x61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4x63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	4x63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5c9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5c9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5emj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5emj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5emk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5emk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5eml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5eml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5emm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5emm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5fa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5fa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	5fa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	6ckc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.1.320	pdb	6ckc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1oiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1oiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1oiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1oix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1rrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1rrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1rrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1rrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1xke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	1yzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2d7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2d7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2d7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2d7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2gzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2gzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2hv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2hv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2hv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2hv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2hv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2hv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2las	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2las	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	2mxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	3vvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	3vvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	3vvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4c4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4c4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4ga0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4gxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4gxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4han	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4han	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4han	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4han	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4i9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4i9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4i9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4i9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4i9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4i9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4l6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4lx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4uj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4xkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4xkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4xkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	4xkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5aaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5c4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5c4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5cll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5cll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5cll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5cll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5clq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5clq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5clq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5clq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5euq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5euq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5ez5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5ez5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2	pdb	5jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	1bj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	3ou5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	4pvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	4pvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	5v7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	5v7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	5x3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.1	pdb	5x3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1mej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1mej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1mej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1meo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1njs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1njs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1rc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1zlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	1zly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4ew1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4ew2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4ew3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	4zz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.2	pdb	5j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1p4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1p4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	1pl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.3	pdb	5uz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.10	pdb	1wsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.10	pdb	1wsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.10	pdb	1wsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.2.10	pdb	1wsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.2	pdb	5g1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.3	pdb	1c9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.3	pdb	1ep9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.3	pdb	1fvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.3	pdb	1fvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.3.3	pdb	1oth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	1jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	1jdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	2jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	2jdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	3jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	4jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	5jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	6jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	7jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	8jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.1.4.1	pdb	9jdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	3mos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	3ooy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	3ooy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	4kxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	4kxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	4kxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	4kxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	4kxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.1	pdb	4kxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.2	pdb	1f05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.2.1.2	pdb	1f05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	1x03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	1x04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	2d4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	2d4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	2d4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	2d4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	2dbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4dpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4mxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4mxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	4x97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1	pdb	5t53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.1	pdb	4k30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.1	pdb	4k30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.1	pdb	4k30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.1	pdb	4k30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	2i1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	2i1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	2qt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	2qt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3n01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3n01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3n4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3n4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3ng8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3ng8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3np5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3np5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3np5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.n3	pdb	3np5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.4	pdb	2huz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.4	pdb	2huz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.4	pdb	2o28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.4	pdb	2o28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.4	pdb	3cxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.4	pdb	3cxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.4	pdb	3cxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.5	pdb	2ija	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.5	pdb	2pfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.5	pdb	2pfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.5	pdb	2pqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.6	pdb	2fy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.6	pdb	2fy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.6	pdb	2fy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.6	pdb	2fy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.7	pdb	1nm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.7	pdb	1s5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	1wl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	1wl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2f2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ib9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2ibw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2iby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2iby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2iby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.9	pdb	2iby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.12	pdb	1fyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.12	pdb	2dne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.12	pdb	3b8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.12	pdb	6ct0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	2iik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	2iik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.16	pdb	4c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.21	pdb	2le3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.41	pdb	2c9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.41	pdb	2iwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.41	pdb	2iwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.41	pdb	2iwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.41	pdb	2iwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4x96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4x96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4x96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4x96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	4xx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5txf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5txf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5txf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.43	pdb	5txf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1bhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1cm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1cm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1eqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1f68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1jsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1jsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1kv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1kv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1kv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1kv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1l3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1l3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1liq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1m36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1n72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1nrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1nrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1nrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1nrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1p4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1p4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1p8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1p8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1p8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1p8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1pzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1pzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1r8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1r8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1rdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1rdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1rdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1rdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1t2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1t2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1t2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1t2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1t2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1t2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1tfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1tfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1tfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1tfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1u3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1wo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1wo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1wo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1wo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1wo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1wug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1wum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1x76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1x76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1x76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1x76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1xvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1yy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1yy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1yy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1yy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1z4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	1zs5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2a3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2a3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2d82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2eko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2fvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2fvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2giv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2gtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2gtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2k8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2k8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2kje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2kje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2l84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2l85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2ln0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2lxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2lxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2lxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2lxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2lxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2mh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2mh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2mzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2mzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2n1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2n1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2npa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2npa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2npa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2npa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2nv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2nv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2nv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2nv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2o9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2o9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2o9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2o9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2ou2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2ozu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2p0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2p0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2p0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2p0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2p54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2p54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2pq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2prg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2prg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2prg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2rc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2rnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2rnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2rnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2rnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2rny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2rny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2y0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	2y0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3aad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3aad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3aad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3biy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3bqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3bqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ctb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ctb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3cwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3cwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3cwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3cwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3d7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3d7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3dct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3dct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3dcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3dcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3dwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3dwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3et1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3et1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3et1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3et1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3et3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3et3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3fxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3g8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3g8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3g9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3g9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3gg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3gg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3h0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3h0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3h0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3h0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3hc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3hc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3hc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3hc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3hvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3hvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3io2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ipq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ipq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ips	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ips	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ips	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ips	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ipu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ipu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ipu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ipu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3kmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3kmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3l3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3l3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3l3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3l3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3lmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3lmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3okh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3okh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3olf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3olf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3olf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3olf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ols	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ols	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ols	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ols	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3omq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3oof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3p89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3qah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3r8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3rut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3rut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ruu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3ruu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3rvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3rvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3s9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3s9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3svh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3svh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3t03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3t03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3t03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3t03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3t92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3toa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3tob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3uv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3v43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3v43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3v9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3v9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3vn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	3vn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4a9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4a9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4bcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4bcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4bhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4bhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4ci4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4dqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4f9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4f9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4fgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4fgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4hee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4hee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4j5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4jyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4ljn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4lk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4lk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4lka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4lka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4llb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4llb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4llb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4llb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4mgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4n3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4n3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4n4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4n4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4nyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4ouf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4ouf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4pzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4pzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4pzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4rgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4rgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4ts8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4tv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4uda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4uda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4udb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4udb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4whu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4y29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4y29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	4yyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5a86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5a86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5a86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5a86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5avi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5avi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5avi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5avi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5avl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5avl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5azt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5azt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5azt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5b78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5bt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5cgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5dwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5eic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5eic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5eng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ep7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5fur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gtp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5gtp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5h43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5h43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5h43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5h84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5h85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5h86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5hjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5hjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5hjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5hjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5hou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5hp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5hpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5i8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5j0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5j8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ji0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ji0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ji0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ji0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5jmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5kj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ktu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ktu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ktw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ktw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ktw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5ktx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5l7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5l7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5l7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5l7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5l7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5l7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5lvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5mqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5nlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5nrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5nu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5nu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5nu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5nwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5nwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5q1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5svh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5svh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5tb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5trm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5u2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5u2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5u2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5u2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5w0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5w0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5w0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5w0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5w0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5x0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5x0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5x0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5x0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5yp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	5yp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6axq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6axq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6axq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6axq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6ay3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6ay3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6bns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6bns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.48	pdb	6fic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2bei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2bei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2f5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2f5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2fxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2fxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2g3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2g3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2jev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2jev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2q4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.57	pdb	2q4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	1xkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	1xkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2jfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2px6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	2px6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	3hhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	3hhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	3hhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	3hhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	3tjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4piv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4piv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4w82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4w82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4w9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4w9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4w9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4w9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4z49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	4z49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	5c37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.85	pdb	5c37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.87	pdb	1ib1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	1rxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	1rxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	1rxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	1rxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3iu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3iu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3iu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3iu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3iwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3iwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3jtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	3jtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	4c2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	4c2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	4c2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	4c2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	4c2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5o6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5o6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5o6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5o6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5uut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.97	pdb	5uut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	3vwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	3vwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4b5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4b5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4b5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4gs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4if5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4pk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4pk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4pk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4pk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4u9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.108	pdb	4u9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.168	pdb	1k8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.168	pdb	1k8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.168	pdb	1zwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.168	pdb	2coo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.176	pdb	1qnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.176	pdb	2c0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.176	pdb	2c0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	3eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	3eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	3eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	5w7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	6bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	6bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	6bmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	6bmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	6bmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.225	pdb	6bmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.257	pdb	4u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	2ob0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	2ob0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	2ob0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	2psw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	2psw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	2psw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	3tfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	3tfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	3tfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	3tfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	3tfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	3tfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	4x5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.258	pdb	4x5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5hgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5hh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5hh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.1.259	pdb	5icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1a3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1kps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1kps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1kps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1kps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1ldj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1ldj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1ldk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1ldk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1ldk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1ldk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1ldk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1u6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1u6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1u6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1y8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1z5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1z5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1z5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	1z5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2asq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2asq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2edi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2eqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2eqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2eqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2grr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2hye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2hye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2hye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2hye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2k28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2lgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2pe6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2pe6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2px9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2px9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2vfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2vfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2vfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2vfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2xwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	2xwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3a4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3a4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3a4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3a4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3dqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3i8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3kyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3kyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3kyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3kyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3kyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3kyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3oj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3rtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3uip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3vuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	3zjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4b86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4f52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4f52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4f52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4f52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4f52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4f52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4fo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4gba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4p5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4w5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4w5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	4y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5d2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5d2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5d2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5d2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5d2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5d2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5d2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5epl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5epl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5epl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5epl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5f6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5f6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5f6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5f6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5f6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5f6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5f6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5fq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5fq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5lrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5lrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5lrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5lrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5lrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5lrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5n4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5n4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5n4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5n4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5n4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2	pdb	5v3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zeh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zeh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	2zep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3pbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	3si0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	4yu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	4yu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	4yu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	4ywy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	4ywy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.5	pdb	4ywy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1evu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1evu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ex0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ex0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1f13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1f13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ggt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ggt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ggu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ggu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ggy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1ggy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1kv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1kv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1kv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1kv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1kv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1kv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1l9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1l9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1l9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1l9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1nud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1nud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1nuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1nug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1nug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1qrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	1qrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	2q3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	2q3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	2xzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3ly6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3ly6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3ly6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3s3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3s3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3s3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3s3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3s3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	3s3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	4kty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	4kty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	4kty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	4kty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	4pyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	4pyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	4pyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.13	pdb	5mho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1i7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1i7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1j7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1j7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1jas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1ur6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1ur6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1w4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1wzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1wzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1wzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1x23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1x23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1x23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1x23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1xr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1xr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1xr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1yh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1yla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1yla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1zdn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	1zdn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2a7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2a7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2awf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2c4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2cyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2cyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2cyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2esk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2eso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2esp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2esq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2fuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2fuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2kjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2kjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2kly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2lxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2lxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2lxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2mt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2o25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2o25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2o25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2o25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2ob4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2y4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2yb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2ybf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	2ybf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3a33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3a33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3bzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3e46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3f92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3h8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3h8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3jw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3k9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3k9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3k9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3k9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3l1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3l1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3l1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3oj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3oj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3oj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3oj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3oj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3oj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3ptf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3ptf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3ptf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3ptf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3rpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3rpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3rpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3rz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3rz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3rz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3rz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3tgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3ugb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	3ugb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4auq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4auq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4auq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4auq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4auq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4auq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ccg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ccg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ccg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ccg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4ddi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4lad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4lad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4mdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4nr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4nr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4nrg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4nrg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4nri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4nri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4onl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4onl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4onm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4onn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4s3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4s3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4s3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4s3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4s3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4s3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4tkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4tkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4v3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4whv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4wz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4wz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4yii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	4yii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5bnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5d1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5dfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5dfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5egg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5eya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5eya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5eya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5eya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5eya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5eya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ifr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ifr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5khr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5lbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ngz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ojj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ojj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ojj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ojj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ojj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ojj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5tut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5tut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5ulk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5vzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5vzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5vzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5vzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5vzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.23	pdb	5vzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1c4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1c4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1c4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1c4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1d5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1d5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1d5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1eqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1i2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1nd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	1zvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2djy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2djy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2dk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2dmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2ekk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2jqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2keo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2kyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2laj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2laj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2laz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2laz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2ltx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2ltx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2lty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2ltz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2ltz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2m3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2m3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2mpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2mpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2mul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2nq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2nsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2oni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2op7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2xbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2xbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2xbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2xbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2xbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	2ysf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3dkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3h1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3kci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3pt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3pt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3pyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	3tug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4bbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4bbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4bbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4be8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4l1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4l1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4l1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4n7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4n7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4n7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4n7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4o2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4o2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4o2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4o2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4qt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4rof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4rof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4rof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4rof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	4y07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5aht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5c91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5cq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5cq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5cq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5dzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5lp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5lp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5sxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5sxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5sxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5sxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5sxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5sxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5tj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5tj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5tj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5tj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5tj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.26	pdb	5tjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1b47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1b47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1b47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1c9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ca9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1czz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1e4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1f3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1f3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1f9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1fbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1fbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1fbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1flk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1flk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1g3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1g3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1g73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1g73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1g73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1g73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1iyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1jm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1jm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1jnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1kzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1kzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1l0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1l0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1lgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1n5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1nw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1nw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1oy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1qbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1qsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1qsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1qsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1qsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1qsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1qsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1rf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1rf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1rv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1rv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1rv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1t4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1tfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1tft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1tw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1tw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1tw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1tw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1wd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1wh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1wy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1x4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1y98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1y98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ycr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1ycr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1yvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1yvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1z1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1z6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1z6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1zms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	1zms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2a25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2a25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2axi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2axi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2bz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2bz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2bz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2c6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2c6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2c7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2cbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2cbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2crc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2csw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ct0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ct2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ct7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2d8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2d8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2day	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2did	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2dif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2dja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2dmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2dmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2do6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2do6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2dq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2e6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ea6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ecg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2eci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ecj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ecy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ejs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2faz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2faz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ffw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2fzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2gkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2gkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2gv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2gv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2h0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2h0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2hdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2hdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2i3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2i3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2i3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2i3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2i3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2i3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ing	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2iwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2iwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2iwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2iwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2j6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2j6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2jmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2jnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2jrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2juj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2jun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2k2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2k2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2k4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2kiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2kna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2kre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2l3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2l3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2l9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ldr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2lzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2m85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2m86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2m86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2mps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2mps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2mre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2mre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2mrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2mzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2n9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2n9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2n9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2nte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2nte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2oo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2oo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2oo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ooa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ooa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2oob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2oob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2opz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2pb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2pie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2pie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2poi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2pop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2pop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2pop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2pop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2qra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2qra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2qra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2qra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2r1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2r1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ruh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2uvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2uvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2vsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xeu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xoy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xoy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2xp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2y43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yrg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ysa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ysj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2ysl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	2yyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ask	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3asl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3asl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3b76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3bi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3bum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3bum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3bun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3bun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3c5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3c5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3cm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3d9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3d9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3d9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3d9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3d9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3d9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3db3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3db3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3db4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ddt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ddt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ddt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3dwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3eb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3eb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3eb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ega	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3egb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3egb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3eqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3eqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3eyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3eyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3f7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3fa2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3fa2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3fl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3gta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3h8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3iwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ixs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3jzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3jzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3jzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3jzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3jzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3k16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3knv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3l11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3l1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3lnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3m1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3mup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3mup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3mup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3mup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3o37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ob1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ob1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3oln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3oln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3op0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3op0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3op0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3op0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3oz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3oz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3oz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3oz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3plf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3plf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3plf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3plf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3pxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3shb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3shb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3sox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3t6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3t6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3t6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3t6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3tu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3u5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3uw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3uw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3uw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3uw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3uw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3uw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3v3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3v3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3v3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3vzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3w69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3w69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ztg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3ztg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	3zvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4a4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ayc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ayc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4bm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4c9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4c9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ca1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ca1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4dbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4dbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4dij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4dij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4eb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4eb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4eb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4eb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ec4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ere	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ere	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4erf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4erf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4erf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4g3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4gy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4hy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4i7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ic2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ic2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ic3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ic3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ifi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ifi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4igk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4igk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4igk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4igk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4j48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4kmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4lg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4lge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4lge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4lgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4lgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ljq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4m3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4m3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4m3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4m3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mdn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mtz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mtz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mtz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mtz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4mu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4occ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4occ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4occ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ode	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4odf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ofb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ofb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ogn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ogt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ogv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ogv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ogv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4oyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4p0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ppe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ppe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4pw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4qqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4tse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4tse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4tvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4u4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4u4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4u4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4u4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4u4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4u4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ud7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ue1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4umn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4umn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4umn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4umn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4wvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4x3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4x3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4x3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4x3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4xzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4y2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ybm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ybm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ybs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4ybt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4yc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4z8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	4zyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5afg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5afg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5bnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5bnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5bnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5bnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5c9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5d0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5d0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5edv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5fey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5fey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5hvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5iay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5iay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5igq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5im8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5j7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5jpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5k5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5law	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5laz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5lg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ljn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ljn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ljn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ljn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ln2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5m6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5m6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5m6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5m6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5m6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5m6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5m6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5mr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5mr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5n2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5n2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5n38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5n38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5o76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5olm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5olm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5swk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5swk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5swk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5swk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5tte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5udh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5udh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5udh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5udh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5udh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5um3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5umm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5umm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5umm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5umm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5vzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5www	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5www	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5xxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5yco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5yco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5yco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5yco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5yco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5yco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.2.27	pdb	5z02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.1	pdb	5uzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.1	pdb	5uzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.1	pdb	5uzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.1	pdb	5uzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	3mwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	3mwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	3mwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	3mwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	3pff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5te1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5te1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5teq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5teq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.8	pdb	5tet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.10	pdb	2p8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.10	pdb	2p8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.10	pdb	2wya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.10	pdb	2wya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.10	pdb	2wya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.3.3.10	pdb	2wya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ggp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ub5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5ub5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5xfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1	pdb	5xfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1em6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1em6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1exv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1exv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1fa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1fc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1fc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1l7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1xoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1xoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	1z8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	2ati	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	2ati	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	2qll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	2qll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	2zb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	2zb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3ceh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3ceh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3cej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3cej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3cem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3cem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3dd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3dd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3dds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3dds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3ddw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	3ddw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	5iko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.1	pdb	5ikp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.17	pdb	2o6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.17	pdb	2o6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	4bzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	4bzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	4bzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	5clt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	5clt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	5clt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	5clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	5clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.18	pdb	5clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.22	pdb	1a4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.22	pdb	1hml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	1r7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	1r7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	1r80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	1r82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2pgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2riz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2rj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2y7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2y7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2y7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	2y7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3i0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3ioh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3ioi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3ioj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3ioj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3sxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3u0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3u0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3u0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3u0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3v0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3zgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3zgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	3zgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4c2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4c2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4fqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4fra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4frb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4frd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4fre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4frh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4frl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4frm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4fro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4frp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4frq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4gbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4kc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4kc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4kc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4kxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4y62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4y63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	4y64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5bxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5c8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5cqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5m79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5m7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5m7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5m7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5m7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5m7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5tjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5tjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5tjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.37	pdb	5tjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1lz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1lzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1r7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1r7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1r7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1r81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1wsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1wt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1wt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1wt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1wt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1xz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1zhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1zi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1zi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1zi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1zi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	1zjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	3sxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.40	pdb	3sxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	2d7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	2d7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	2ffu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	2ffu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	2ffv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	2ffv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	4d11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ajn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ajn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ajo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ajo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5nqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5nqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	5nqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	6egs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.41	pdb	6egs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.68	pdb	2de0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1fgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1fgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1kws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1kws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1v82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1v82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1v83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1v83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1v84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	1v84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	2d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	2d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	2d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	2d0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	3cu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.135	pdb	3cu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.143	pdb	5vcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.143	pdb	5vcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.143	pdb	5vcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.143	pdb	5vcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.143	pdb	5vcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.143	pdb	5vcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3q4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3qvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3rmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3rmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3t7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3t7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3t7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3t7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3t7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3t7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	3u2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	4ueg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	4ueg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	6eqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	6eql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.186	pdb	6eql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	4ap5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	4ap5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	4ap6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	4ap6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	4ap6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	4ap6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	5foe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	5foe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	5ux6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	5ux6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	5uxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.221	pdb	5uxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	1w3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	1w3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3pe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	3tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4gz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4n3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	4xif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5bnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5bnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5c1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5c1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5hgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5hgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5hgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5hgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5lvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5lwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5npr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5npr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5nps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5nps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5vie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5vie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5vie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5vie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5vif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	5vif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.1.255	pdb	6eou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2	pdb	2a78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2	pdb	2a78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2	pdb	2a9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2	pdb	2a9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2	pdb	2bov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2	pdb	2bov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1pf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1pwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1rct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1rfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1rr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1rsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1rt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1ula	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1ulb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1v2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1v3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1v41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1v45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	1yry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	2a0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	2a0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	2a0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	2oc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	2oc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	2on6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	2q7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3bgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3d1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3gb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3gb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3gb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3ggs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3ggs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3ggs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3iny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3k8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3k8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3k8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3k8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3k8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3k8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3k8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	3phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ear	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ear	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ear	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4eb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4eb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4eb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4gka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4gka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4gka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4gka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4gka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	4gka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5etj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5etj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5etj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5etj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5etj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5etj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5ugf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5ugf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5ugf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5ugf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5ugf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.1	pdb	5ugf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1bf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1bf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1bf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1bm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1bm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1bmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1bmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1cj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1gcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1gcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1gcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1gfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1gfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1ghu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1gri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1gri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1io6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1io6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1jyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1jyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1jyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1jyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1jyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1jyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1jyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1qg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1qg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1tze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1tze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1x0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1yvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1yvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1yvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1yvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1zfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	1zfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2aoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2aoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2aob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2aob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2aob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2aob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2h46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2h5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2h5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2h5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2huw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2huw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2vvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2vwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2vwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2w0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2w0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2xrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2xrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	2xrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3c7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3eue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3euf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3euf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3euf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3euf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3imd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3imd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3imj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3imj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3in7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3in7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3in8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3kfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3mxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3mxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3mxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3mxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3n8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3nbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3nbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3nbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3nbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3ov1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3ov1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3ove	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3ove	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3p0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3p0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3p0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3p0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3p0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3p0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3p0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3s8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3s8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3s8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3s8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3s8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3s8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3wa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3wa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3wwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	3wwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	4p9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	4p9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	4p9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	4p9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.3	pdb	5cdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	1uou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	1zmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	1zmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	1zmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	1zmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2j0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2j0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2j0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2j0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2wk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2wk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2wk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2wk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2wk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	2wk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	3qte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	3qte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	3qte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.4	pdb	3qte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	1ore	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	1zn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	1zn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	1zn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	1zn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	1zn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	1zn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	4x44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	4x45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.7	pdb	4x45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1bzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1bzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1bzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1bzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1d6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1d6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1hmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1hmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1z7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1z7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1z7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	1z7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	2jbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	2jbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	3gep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	3gep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	3ggc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	3ggc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	3ggj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	3ggj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ijq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ijq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ijq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ijq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4kn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ran	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ran	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ran	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4ran	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4rao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4raq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4raq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4raq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	4raq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5brn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5brn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5brn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5brn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5bsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5bsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5bsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5bsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5hia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5hia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5hia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5hia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5w8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5w8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5w8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	5w8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	6bnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	6bnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	6bnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.8	pdb	6bnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.10	pdb	2eaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.10	pdb	2eaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.10	pdb	2wns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.10	pdb	2wns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2e5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2e5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2e5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2e5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2e5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2e5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	2gvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	3dkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4jnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4jnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4jr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4jr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4kfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4kfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4kfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4kfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4kfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4kfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4l4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4l4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4l4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4l4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4lww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4m6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4m6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4m6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4m6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4n9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4o28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4wq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	4wq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5kit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5kit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5lx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5lx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5lx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5lx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5nsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5nsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5u2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5u2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5u2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5u2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5upe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5upe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5upf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5upf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5wi0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5wi0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5wi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.12	pdb	5wi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	2jbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	4kww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.19	pdb	5ayz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.22	pdb	2vfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.22	pdb	2vfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ej7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ej7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ej8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ej8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ej9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ej9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6eja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6eja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ejb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ejb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ejc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ejc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ejd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6ejd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6eje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6eje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.26	pdb	6foa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	1cb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	1cg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	1k27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	1sd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	1sd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3ln5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3ln5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3ln5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3ozc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3ozd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3ozd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	3oze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	5eub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	5tc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	5tc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	5tc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	5tc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	5tc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.28	pdb	5tc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1uk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1uk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1uk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1uk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1wok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1wok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1wok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	1wok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2cok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2cr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2cs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2dhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2dmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2eoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2jvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2l30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2l31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2n8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2n8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2pqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2pqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2pqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2pqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2pqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2pqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2rcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2rd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2rf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	2riq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3blj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3blj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3c49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3c4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ce0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3fhb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3gey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3gey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3gey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3gey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3gjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3gn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3goy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3goy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3goy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3goy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3hkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3hkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3kcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3kcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3kjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3kjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3kr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3kr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3kr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3l3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3l3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3mhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3mhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3mhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3od8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3oda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3odc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3odc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3odc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3odc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3odc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3odc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ode	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ode	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ode	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ode	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ode	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ode	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3p0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3p0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3q6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3q71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3se2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3se2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3se2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3se2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3smi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3smi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3smj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3smj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3tww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3twx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3u9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3u9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3u9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ua9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3ua9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3udd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3udd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3uh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3uh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3uh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3uh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3v2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3vfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3w51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	3w51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4abk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4abl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4av1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4av1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4av1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4av1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4av1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4av1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4avu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4avu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4avw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4avw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4but	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4but	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4bux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4buy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4d86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4dvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4f1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4gv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4gv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4gv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hlm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4hyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4i9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4i9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4i9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4i9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4iue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4j3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4k4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4k4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4k4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4k4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4krs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4krs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4kzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4l7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4li6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4li6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4li7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4li7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4li8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4li8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4m7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4m7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4msg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4msg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4msk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4msk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4msk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4msk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4mt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4mt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4n3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4n3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4n4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4n4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4opx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4opx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4opx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4opx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4opx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4opx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4oqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4pnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4py4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4py4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4r5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4r5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4r6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4r6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4r6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4r6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4tvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4u6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ufu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ufu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ufy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ufy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ui8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4und	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4und	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ux4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4ux4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4uxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4w5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4w5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4w5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4w6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4xhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4xhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4xhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4xhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4z68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4z68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4zzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4zzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4zzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4zzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	4zzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5a00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5adq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5adq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5adr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5adr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ads	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ads	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5adt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5adt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5aeh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5aeh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5aku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5aku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5akw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5akw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5al5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5bxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5bxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5c5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5dcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ds3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5dsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5dsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5dsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5dsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ebt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ebt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ebt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ebt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ece	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ety	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ety	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ety	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ety	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5fpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5fpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5fpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5fpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5fpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5fpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5gp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5gp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ha9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ha9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jrt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5jti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5kpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5lx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5lx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5lxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5lxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5lyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5lyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5nxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5o2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ows	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ows	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5owt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5owt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5v7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5v7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5v7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ws0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ws0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ws1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5ws1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5wtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5xsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5xst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5xsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5xsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5xsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	5xsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	6bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	6bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	6bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	6bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	6g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.30	pdb	6g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.36	pdb	2a5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.36	pdb	2a5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.36	pdb	2a5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.36	pdb	2a5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.36	pdb	2a5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.2.36	pdb	2a5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5bo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5cxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5cxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5y22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	5y3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99	pdb	6apl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99.1	pdb	4js1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.4.99.1	pdb	4js2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.1	pdb	2q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.1	pdb	2q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.1	pdb	2q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.1	pdb	2q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.1	pdb	2q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.1	pdb	2q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	2obv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	2p02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ktv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ndn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ndn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ndn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ndn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ndn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	4ndn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	5a19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	5a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	5a1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	5ugh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	5ugh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	5ugh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.6	pdb	5ugh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	1yq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	1yv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	1zw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2f7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2f89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2f8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2f8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2f92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2f94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2f9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2opm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2opn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2qis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2rah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	2vf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3b7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3cp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3n6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3rye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3s4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3t9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3t9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	3vi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4dx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4ga3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4h5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4h5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4h5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4jvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4kfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4kpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4kpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4kq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4kqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4kqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4l2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4lfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4lpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4lph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4n1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4n9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4nfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4nfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4nfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4ng6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4nke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4nkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4nua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4p0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4p0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4p0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4pvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4pvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4q23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4qpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4qxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4rxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4wk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4xqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4xqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	4xqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5cg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5cg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5dgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5dgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5dgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5diq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5djp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5djr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5djv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5ja0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5juz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5jv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5jv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5jv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.10	pdb	5ksx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	2o0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	3rw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.16	pdb	3rw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.17	pdb	2idx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.17	pdb	2idx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.17	pdb	2idx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	10gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	10gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	11gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	11gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	12gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	12gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	13gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	13gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	14gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	14gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	16gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	16gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	17gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	17gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	18gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	18gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	19gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	19gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ags	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ags	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1aqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1dug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1dug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1fw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1guh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1guh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1guh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1guh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1gum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1hna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1hnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1hnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1hnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1hnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1hnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1hnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1k3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1k3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1k3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1k3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1k3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1k3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1kbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1kbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1lbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1lbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ljr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ljr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1md3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1md3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1md4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1md4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1pl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1px6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1px6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1px7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1px7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1tdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1tdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1usb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1usb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1xwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1yj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1yj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1yj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ykc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1ykc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1yzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1yzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1zgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	1zgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	20gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	20gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	22gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	22gs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2a2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2a2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2a2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2a2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2ab6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2ab6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2ab6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2ab6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2ljr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2ljr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2r3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2r3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2r6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2r6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	2wju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3csj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3dd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3dd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3dgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3dgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3gus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3hkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3km6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3km6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3kmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3kmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3kmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3kmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ktl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ktl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3l0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3l0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3lfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3lfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3lfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ljr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3ljr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3n9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3n9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3q74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3q74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3qag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3rpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3u6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3u6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3vln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3zfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3zfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3zfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	3zfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4acs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4acs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4acs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4acs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4ecb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4ecb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4ecc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4gtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4hj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4hj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4is0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4mpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4mpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4mpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4mpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4pgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	4yqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5dak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5dak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5dal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5dal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5ddl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5ddl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5djl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5djl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5djm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5djm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5j41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5j41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5jcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5jcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5jcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5jcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5jcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5jcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5l6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5l6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5ueh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5v3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5x79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	5x79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	6gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	6gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	7gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	7gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	8gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	8gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	8gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	9gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.18	pdb	9gss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	1ezf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	1ezf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	1ezf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3asx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3lee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3lee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3lee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3lee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3lee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3lee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3q2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3q30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3v66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3vjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3weg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3weh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.21	pdb	3wsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.22	pdb	3c6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.29	pdb	4dou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.29	pdb	4urt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.29	pdb	4urt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.29	pdb	6fkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.29	pdb	6fkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.46	pdb	1dhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.46	pdb	1rlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.46	pdb	1roz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.46	pdb	1roz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.46	pdb	1rqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.46	pdb	1rqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.56	pdb	1wvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1jcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1jcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1ld7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1ld7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1ld8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1ld8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1mzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1mzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1s63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1s63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1sa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1sa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1tn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1tn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	1tn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2f0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2f0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2h6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2iej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	2iej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	3e37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.58	pdb	3e37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	3ecr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	3ecr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	3eq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	3eq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	5m6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	5m6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	5m7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.5.1.61	pdb	5m7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	3ii0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	3ii0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	3ii0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	3ii0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	3wzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	5ax8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	5ax8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	5ax8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.1	pdb	5ax8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.2	pdb	3ihj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.5	pdb	3dyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.5	pdb	3dyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	1w7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	1w7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	1w7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	3fvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	3fvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	3fvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	3fvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	3fvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	3fvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.7	pdb	4wp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	1gbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	1gbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	1gbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	1oat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	1oat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	1oat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2byj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2byj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2byj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2byl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2byl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2byl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2can	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2can	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2can	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2oat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2oat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	2oat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	5vwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	5vwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.13	pdb	5vwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.16	pdb	2v4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.16	pdb	2v4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.16	pdb	2v4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.16	pdb	2v4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.16	pdb	2zj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.16	pdb	2zj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.22	pdb	4urj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.22	pdb	4urj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.22	pdb	4urj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.22	pdb	4urj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2qlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2qlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2qlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2qlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2r2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2r2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2r2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2r2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2xh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	2xh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	3dc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	3dc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	3dc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	3dc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	3ue8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	3ue8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4gdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4gdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4ge9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4geb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	4geb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	5efs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	5eun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	5tf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	5tf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.39	pdb	6d0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1lqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	1vcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	2c9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	2c9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	2c9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	2izv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	2izv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	2izv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3dcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3ztd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	3zun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4ajy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4ajy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4ajy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4ajy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4awj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4b9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4n9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4w9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4wqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4wqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4wqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	4wqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5bo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5lli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	5t35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.40	pdb	6fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1ekf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1ekf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1ekp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1ekp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1ekv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1ekv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1kt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1kt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1kta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	1kta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2a1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2a1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2abj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2abj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2abj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2abj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2cog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2cog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2coi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2coi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2coj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	2hhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5bwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5cr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5cr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5i60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.42	pdb	5mpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.44	pdb	1emr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.44	pdb	1pvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.44	pdb	1pvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.44	pdb	1pvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.44	pdb	1pvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	1h0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	1j04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	2yob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	2yob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	3r9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	3r9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	3r9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	3r9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4cbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4cbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4i8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4i8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4i8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4i8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	4kyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5f9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5f9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5hhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5hhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5ofy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.51	pdb	5og0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.52	pdb	3e77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.52	pdb	3e77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.1.52	pdb	3e77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.6.99	pdb	5fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7	pdb	5i35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1	pdb	1e0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1	pdb	1e0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1	pdb	2c47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1	pdb	2c47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1	pdb	2c47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1	pdb	2c47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1	pdb	2d9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	1cza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	1dgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	1hkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	1hkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	1hkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	1qha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	1qha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	2nzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	2nzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	3hm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	3hm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	3hm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	3hm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4f9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4f9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4foe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4foe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4foi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4foi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4fpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4fpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4fpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	4fpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5hex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5hex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5hfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5hfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5hg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5uwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5uwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5uwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.1	pdb	5uwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	1v4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	1v4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3a0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3f9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3fgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3fr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3goi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3h1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3id8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3idh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3imx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3qic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3s41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3vev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3vey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	3vf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4dch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4dhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4ise	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4isf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4isg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4iwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4ixc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4l3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4mle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4mlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4no7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	4rch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	5v4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.2	pdb	5v4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	2hlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	2hlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	2hlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	2hlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	2hqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	2hw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3b3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3b3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3b3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3b3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3nca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3q92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3q92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3qa2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3qa2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3qai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3qai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3ro4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	3ro4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.3	pdb	5wbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.6	pdb	1wuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.6	pdb	1wuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.6	pdb	1wuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.6	pdb	1wuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4omt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4rh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4rh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4rh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4rh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4u1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4u1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4u1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4u1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4wl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4wl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4wl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4wl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.11	pdb	4xz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	2fv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	2fv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5byc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5byc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5byd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5byd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5bye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5bye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5byf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5byf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.15	pdb	5c41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.17	pdb	4bc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	1bx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	2i6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	2i6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	2i6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	2i6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	2i6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	2i6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	4o1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.20	pdb	4o1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	1xbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2orv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2orv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.21	pdb	2wvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2p0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2qg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2ql6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2qsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2qsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2qt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.22	pdb	2qt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.23	pdb	3pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.23	pdb	3pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.23	pdb	3pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.23	pdb	3pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	1x6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	1x6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	1xjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	1xjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	1xnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	1xnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ax4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ax4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ax4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ax4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2ofx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2pey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.25	pdb	2pey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.26	pdb	1nb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.26	pdb	1nb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.26	pdb	1p4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.26	pdb	1q9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2cko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2cko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2ckp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2ckp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2ckq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2ckq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2i7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2ig7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	2ig7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	3f2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	3f2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	3feg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	3lq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	3zm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	3zm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	4br3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	4br3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	4cg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	4cg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	4cga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	4da5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	4da5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5afv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5afv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5eqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5eqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5eqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5eqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5eqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5eqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5ftg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5fut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5w6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.32	pdb	5w6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	2i7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	2i7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	2i7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	2i7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	2i7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	2i7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	3mk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	3mk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	3mk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	3mk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	3smp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	3smp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	3sms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5e26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5e26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5e26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5e26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5kpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5kpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5kpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5kq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.33	pdb	5kqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2ajp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2f7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2f7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2yxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2yxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2yxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	2yxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	3fhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	3fhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	3fhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	3fhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	3keu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	3keu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	4en4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	4en4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	4eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.35	pdb	4eoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.36	pdb	2r3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.36	pdb	2r3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.36	pdb	2r3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.36	pdb	2r3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	1qf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	1qf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	1ua2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	1ua2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	1ua2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	1ua2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	2buj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	2buj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	2f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.37	pdb	2f57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	1t5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	1t5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	1t5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	1t5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	1zjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	2vgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3bjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3gr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3h6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3h6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3h6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3h6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3me3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3me3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3me3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3me3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3srh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3u2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3u2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3u2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	3u2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4b2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4b2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4b2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4b2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4fxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ima	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ima	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ima	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ima	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ip7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ip7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ip7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4ip7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4jpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4jpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4jpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4jpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4qgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4rpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4rpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4rpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4rpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4wj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4wj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4wj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4wj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4yj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4yj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4yj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	4yj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	5x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6b6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6b6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.40	pdb	6gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1udw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1udw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1uei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1uei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1uej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1uej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1ufq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1ufq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1ufq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1ufq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1uj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1uj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1xrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	1xrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	2jeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.48	pdb	2uvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.59	pdb	2ch6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.60	pdb	2yhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.60	pdb	2yhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.60	pdb	2yi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.60	pdb	3eo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.60	pdb	3eo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.60	pdb	3eo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	2n73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	2n73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4d0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4hnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4hnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4wae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	4wag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5c46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5c46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5fbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5nas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5nas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5nas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	5nas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	6bq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	6bq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	6bq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	6bq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	6bq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.67	pdb	6bq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.68	pdb	2gk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.68	pdb	2gk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.68	pdb	2gk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.68	pdb	2gk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	1p5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	1p60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	1p60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	1p61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	1p62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2a7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2no9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2noa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2noa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2qro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	2zia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3hp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3ipx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3ipy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3ipy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3kfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3kfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3mjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3mjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3mjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3mjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3qej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3qej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3qen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3qen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3qeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	3qeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jlm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jlm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4jln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4kcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4kcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4l5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4l5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	4q1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.74	pdb	5mqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.78	pdb	2brf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.78	pdb	2w3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.78	pdb	2w3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.78	pdb	2w3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.78	pdb	2w3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	1vf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	1vf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	1vf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	1vf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	2d92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	2daz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	2db5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	2dlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	2dm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	2dmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	2ehr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	4q2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	4q2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	4q2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	4q2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	4q2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.82	pdb	4q2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	3vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	4l02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	4l02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	4l02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	4v24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.91	pdb	4v24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	1k6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	1k6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	2dwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	2dwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	2i1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	3qpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	3qpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	3qpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	4d4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	4d4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	4d4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	4d4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	4ma4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5ajv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5ajw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5ajx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5ajy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5ajz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5ak0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5htk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.105	pdb	5htk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	1r79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	1tuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	3bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	3bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	3bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	3bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	3bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.107	pdb	3bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.112	pdb	1j0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.112	pdb	1j0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.112	pdb	1rhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.112	pdb	1rhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.113	pdb	2ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	1w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	1w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	1w2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	1w2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	1w2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	1w2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	2a98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	4upu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.127	pdb	4upu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.134	pdb	2odt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.134	pdb	2q7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.134	pdb	2q7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.134	pdb	2qb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.134	pdb	2qb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	1pic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	1pic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	1pks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	1pkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	3ihy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	3ihy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	3ihy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	3ihy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	3ihy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	3ls8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	3ls8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	4oys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	4ph4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	4uwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	4uwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	4uwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	4uwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	4uwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	5anl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	5enn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.137	pdb	5enn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	1bo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	1bo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	2ybx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	2ybx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3wzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.149	pdb	3x0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.151	pdb	5w2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.151	pdb	5w2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.151	pdb	5w2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.151	pdb	6c8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.151	pdb	6c8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	1e8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	1e8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	1he8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	1he8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2a4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2a5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2chw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2chx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2chz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2enq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2rd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2rd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	2v4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3apc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3apd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3apf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3csf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3cst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3dbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3dpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3ene	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3hhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3hhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3hiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3hiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3ibe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3l13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3l16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3l17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3l54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3lj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3mjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3ml8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3ml9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3nzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3nzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3oaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3p2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3pre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3prz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3ps6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3qaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3qar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3qjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3qk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3r7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3r7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3s2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3sd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3t8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3tjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3tl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3zim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3zvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	3zw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4anu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4anv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4anw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4anx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4aof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4dk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ezj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ezk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ezl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4f1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4fa6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4fad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4fhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4fhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4fjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4fjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4flh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ful	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4g11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4gb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4hle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4hvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4j6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4jps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4jps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4kz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4kzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4l1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4l1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4l23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4l23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4l2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4l2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ovu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ovu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ovv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ovv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ps3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ps7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ps8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4tuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4tv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4urk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4waf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4waf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4wwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4wwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4wwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4xx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4xz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4ykn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4zop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	4zop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5dxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5dxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5dxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5dxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5dxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5dxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5dxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5eds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5fi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5fi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5g2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5g55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5itd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5itd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5jha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5jhb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5kae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5m6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5m6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5oq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5swt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5sxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5t23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5t8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5t8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5ubr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5ubt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5ubt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5uk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5uk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5ukj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5ukj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5vlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5vlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5xgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5xgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5xgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5xgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5xgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	5xgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.153	pdb	6aud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.154	pdb	2ar5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.154	pdb	2iwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.154	pdb	2rea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.154	pdb	2red	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.156	pdb	2hde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.157	pdb	2a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.157	pdb	2a2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	1w7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	1xjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	1xjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	2hyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	2hyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	2hyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	2hyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4drw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4drw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4drw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4drw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4drw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4drw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4ftg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4ftg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4ftg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4ftg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4ftg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4hrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4hrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4hrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	4hrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5lq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.1.206	pdb	5n7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2wzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2wzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2wzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2x13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2x14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2x15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2xe6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2xe7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2xe8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2y3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2y3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2ybe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	2zgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3c3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	3zoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	4axx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	4o33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	5m1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	5m3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	5m6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	5mxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.2.3	pdb	5np8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	1qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	3b6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	3b6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	3drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	3drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	3dre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	3dre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.3.2	pdb	4z9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.2	pdb	3ch4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	1rkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	1z83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	1z83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	1z83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2bwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2bwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2bwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2bwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2bwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2bwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2c95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2c95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	2c9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	3iij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	3iik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	3iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	3iim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.3	pdb	5jzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1jxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1jxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1jxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1jxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1jxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1jxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1nue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1ucn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1ucn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1ucn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1zs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1zs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	1zs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	2hvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	2hvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	2hvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	2hve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	2hve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	2hve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3l7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3l7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	3l7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	4eno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	4eno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	5ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	5ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	5ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	5ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	5ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.6	pdb	5ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1e9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1nmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1nmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1nmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1nn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1nn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1nn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	1nn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.9	pdb	2xx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.10	pdb	1zd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.10	pdb	2ar7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.10	pdb	2ar7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.10	pdb	2bbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.10	pdb	2bbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.10	pdb	3ndp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.10	pdb	3ndp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.14	pdb	1tev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	3t9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	4hn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	4nzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	4nzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	4nzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	4q4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	4q4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	5bya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	5byb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	5dgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.4.21	pdb	5dgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2h06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2h06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2h07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2h07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2h08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2h08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2hcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	2hcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	3efh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	3efh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	3s5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	3s5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4f8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4f8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4lyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4lyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4lzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4lzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4lzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4lzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4m0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4m0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4m0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.1	pdb	4m0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.2	pdb	3s4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.6.2	pdb	3s4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	1jv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	1jv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	1jv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	1jv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2ebw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2lsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2lsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2lsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2lsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2lsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2n1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	2n1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3bju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3bju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3bju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3bju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3gqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3guc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3guc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3h8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3h8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3i2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3l9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3l9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3q36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3q36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3vu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3vu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	3vu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ba9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ba9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ba9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ba9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ba9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ba9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4cvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4dpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ext	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ext	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ext	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ig8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ig8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ig8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4lik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4lil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4mhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4rr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4rr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4rr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4rr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	4ycw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5dqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5dqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5dqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5dqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5exr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5i7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5i7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5l2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5l2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5l2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5l2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5l2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5l2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5n85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5n85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5n8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5n8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5vzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	5vzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	6chd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7	pdb	6chd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1gzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1gzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1gzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.1	pdb	1kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.n1	pdb	4u0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.4	pdb	2qjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.4	pdb	2qjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	1qkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2c35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2dk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2f3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2lto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	2lto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3d9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3spa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	3spa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	4boc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	4boc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	4boc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	4boc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	4jxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	4jxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	5ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.6	pdb	6erq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1bpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1k0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1k18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1mq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1n5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1nzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1rzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1t3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1t3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1t3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1t3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1t94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1t94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1tva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1xsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	1zqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2alz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2alz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2alz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2bcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2dpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2dpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2dpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2dpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2dpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2dpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2dun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2flp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2flp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2flp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2fms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2gws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2htf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2i5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2i9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2i9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2i9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2i9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2isp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2isp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2isp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2isp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2jw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2ktf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2ktf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2l0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2l0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2l0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2oh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2p66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2p66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2p66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2p66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2pxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2v6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	2zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3abd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3abd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3abd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3abd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3abe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3abe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3c5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3epg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3epg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3epg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3epi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3epi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3epi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3gv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3h4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3hx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ikm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3isd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3jpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3lk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3lk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3lk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3lk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3lqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3lqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3mr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ngd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ngd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ngd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3osn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3osn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3osn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3q8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3rjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3si8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3si8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3si8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3tq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3upq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3upq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3upq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3upq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3uq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	3wup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4do9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4do9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4do9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4do9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4dob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4doc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ebe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ect	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ect	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ect	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ecz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ed8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4eyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4f5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4fs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4gxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4j9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4jwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4kls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4lzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4m9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4mff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4nxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ny8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ny8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ny8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ny8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4o9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4p2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4p2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4p2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4p2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ph5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ph5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ph5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ph5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4pha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4phe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4php	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4php	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4php	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4php	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ppx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ppx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ppx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ppx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4q8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4qcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4qcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4qcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4r66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4rt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ru9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ru9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ru9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4tus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4u7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4uaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ub5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ubc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4x5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4xvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ycx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ycx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ycx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ycx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ymo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4yr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4z6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	4ztz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5a9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5a9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5a9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5a9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5a9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5aga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5bpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5c53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ca7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ca7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ca7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ca7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5chg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5chg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5chg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5chg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5db9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ddy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5dqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5eoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5eoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5eoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5eoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ewg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5f9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5f9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5f9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5hhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5iud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5j2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5jum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5jum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5jum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5kt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5l9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5t14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5t14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5t14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5t14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5t14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5t14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5twr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5txz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5tzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5u9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ugp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ulw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ulw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ulw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ulx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ulx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5ulx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5v1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5vzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	5wo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	6as7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	6as7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	6as7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	7icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ica	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ica	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ica	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	8icz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ica	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ica	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ica	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ico	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ics	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9ict	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.7	pdb	9icy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.8	pdb	3u1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.8	pdb	3u1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.8	pdb	3u1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.8	pdb	3u1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	3r3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	4r7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	4r7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	4r7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.9	pdb	4r7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.12	pdb	5in3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.12	pdb	5in3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.14	pdb	3elb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.14	pdb	4xsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	2e5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	3pq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	3pq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	4lt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	4lt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.19	pdb	5wu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.23	pdb	1jvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.23	pdb	1jvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.23	pdb	1jvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.23	pdb	1jvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.31	pdb	2coe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.48	pdb	4f7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2x4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2x4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2x4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2x4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2x4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	2x4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	4b18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	4b18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	4mnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	4mnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	4mnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	4mnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	4mnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5men	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5meo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5meo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5meo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5meq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5meq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5meq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5mer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.49	pdb	5ugw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	2c46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	2c46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	2c46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	2c46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	3s24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	3s24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	3s24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	3s24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	3s24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	3s24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.50	pdb	3s24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.52	pdb	5w0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.72	pdb	1ou5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.72	pdb	1ou5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.72	pdb	4x4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.72	pdb	4x4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3otb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3otb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3otc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3otc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3otd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3otd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3ote	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.79	pdb	3ote	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.84	pdb	4s3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.84	pdb	4s3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.84	pdb	4s3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4km5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4lev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4lev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4lew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4lew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4mkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4o67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4o67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4o68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	4o69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5v8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.7.86	pdb	5vdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8	pdb	2byd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8	pdb	2c43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8	pdb	2cg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8	pdb	2cg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	5lev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	5o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6bw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.15	pdb	6fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.8.17	pdb	2n6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.9.3	pdb	3fd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.9.3	pdb	3fd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.9.3	pdb	3fd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.9.3	pdb	3fd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1agw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1agw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1cvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1cvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1cvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1cvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1djs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1djs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1e0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1e0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1e0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1e0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ev2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1evt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1evt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1evt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1evt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1f0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1flt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1flt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1flt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1flt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1fvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1gag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1gag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1gjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1h9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1h9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1hcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1hcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1hcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1hcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1he7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1i44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1igr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ii4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1iil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ir3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ir3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1irk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ivo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ivo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ivo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ivo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1jqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1jqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1jqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1k3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1k3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1m14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1m17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1m6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1m6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1m7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1m7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1mw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1n8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1n8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1n8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1nql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1nql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1nun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1nun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1oec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1p14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1p4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1p4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1pkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1pkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1r0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1r1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1rv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ry7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ry7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1s78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1s78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1s78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1s78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1s78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1s78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1shc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1shc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1shy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1shy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ssl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1t45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1t46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ucv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1vr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1wvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1wwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1wwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1wwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1wwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1www	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1www	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1www	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1www	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1x5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1xkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1xr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1xr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1y6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1y6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1ywn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1yy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1yy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1yy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	1z9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2a91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ahx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ahx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2auh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2auh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2bba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2bba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2c5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2c5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2c5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2c5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2cr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2dbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2djs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2e7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2e8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2e9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2eao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2eb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2eb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ec8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2fdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2fdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2fdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2fdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2fgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2fgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2g15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2gy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2hle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2hle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2hr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2hr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2i0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2i0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2i1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ifg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ifg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ifg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ifg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ito	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ity	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2itz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2iuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2iuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2iui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2iui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2iui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2iui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ivs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ivs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ivt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ivu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ivv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2j5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2j5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2j6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2jwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2k1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2k1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2k1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2k1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2k9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2k9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ks1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ks1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2kso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2kso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2kup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2kup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2kuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2lcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2lcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2lw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2lzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2lzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2m0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2m0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2m20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2m20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2m59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2m59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2met	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2met	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2met	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2meu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2meu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2mfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2mfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2mfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2n2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2n2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2n5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2n90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2n90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ogv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2oh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2oj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2oo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2osc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2p0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2p0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2p2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2p2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2p2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2p4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2p4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2psq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2psq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2py3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2py3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2pzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2q0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2q0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2qu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2r2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2r4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2r4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2rl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2vx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2wuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2x9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2xvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2yfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2yhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2yjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2yjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2yn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2yn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ys5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2ys5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2yt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2z4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2z8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2z8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2zm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2zm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2zm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	2zm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3a4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3aox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3b8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3be1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3be1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3be1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3be2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3brb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3brb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3buo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3buo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3buo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3buo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3bux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3c8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3caf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ccn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ce3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ckh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ckh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ctj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3cu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3czu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3czu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3d94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3dzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3efj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3efj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3efk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3efk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3efl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3efl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ekk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ekn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3eta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3eta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3euu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3euu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ewh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3f82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3fl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3fxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3fxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3fy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3fy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3gxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3h8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3h8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3hpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3i81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ika	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ika	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3js2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3js2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3krj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3krl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3kxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ky2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ky2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3l8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3l8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3l9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3lzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3mzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3n85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3n85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3n85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3njp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3njp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3njp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3njp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3nw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3o23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ob2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ob2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3oj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3oj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3oj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3oj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ojm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ojm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ojv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ojv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ojv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ojv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3p1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3pls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3poz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3pp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3pp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3q6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3q6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3qwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3r7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3rhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ri1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ri1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3s37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3skj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3skj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3skj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3skj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3skj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3skj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3tcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3tcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3tt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3tt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3u9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ug1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3ug2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3v2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3v2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3v5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3v5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3vw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3w33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3wze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	3zzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ag4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ag4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ag4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ag8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4agc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4agd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4anl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4anq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ans	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4aoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4aoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4aoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4aoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ap7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4asd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ase	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4asz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4at3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4at4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4at5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4aw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4bsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ccu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ckj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ckr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ckv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4clj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4cnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4crp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ctb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ctc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4d2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4dce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4dce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4deg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4deh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4dei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4dkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4dkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4dkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4eev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4et7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4f65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4fnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4fnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4fny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4fnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4fob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4foc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4fod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4fww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4g2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4g5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4g5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4g5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4gt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4hw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4i24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ibm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ibm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4iwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4j99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4joa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4jq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4jq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4jr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4jrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4k9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4knb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4knb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4knb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4knb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4kro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4kro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4kro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4kro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4krp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4l0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4l0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4leo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4leo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4leo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4li5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4liq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4liq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4liq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ll0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ll0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4lqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4lrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4lrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4lrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4lrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4lrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4m4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4mh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4mh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4mha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4mha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4mkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4mxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4nk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4nk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4nka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4nka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4nks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4nks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4o3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4o3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4o3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4o3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4o3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4o3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4oga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4oga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4oga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4oga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4oga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4oga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4otw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4p2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4p4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4p59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4p59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4p59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4p5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4p5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4pmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4qt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4r7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ra0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ra0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ra0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ra0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4rwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4tks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4trl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4tt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4twn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4two	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4tye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4tyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4tyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4tyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4u0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ux8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ux8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ux8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ux8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ux8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ux8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4uxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wrg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4x3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xlv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4xyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ymj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4ymj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4yne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4yps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4z55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	4zxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5a46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5a46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5a4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5a4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5a9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5aa8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5aa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5aaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5aab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5aac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5abd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5abd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5abd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5am6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5am6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5am7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5am7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5amn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5b7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5b7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5bvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5bvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5bvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5bvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5c8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5c8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5c8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5can	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5caq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5cus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5czh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5czh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5czi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5czi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5d41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5d41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5dg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5dg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5e1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5edp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5eg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5eg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ek7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ek7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5em5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5em6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5em7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5em8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5eob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ew3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ew3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ew8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ew8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5eyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5eyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5feq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5flf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5flf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5flf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5flf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5flf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ftq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5fxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5grn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5gtz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5h3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ho6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5hzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5i8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5i9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5i9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5i9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5i9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5i9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5i9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ia5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5imx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5iug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5iuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5iui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5j3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5j3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5j3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5j3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5j7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5j9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5j9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5k0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5k0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5k0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5k0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5k33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5k33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5k5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5kz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5l6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5l6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5lv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5my6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5my6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5mya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5myb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5myb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5n06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5n06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5njz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5nz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5o7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ob4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ob4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5oyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5sx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5t3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5t89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5t89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5t89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5t89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5tc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5tc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5td2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5td2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5u8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ug8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ug9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ugb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ugc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ugl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ugl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ugx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ugx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ui0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ui0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ur1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5ur1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5utk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5utk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5uwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5vz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5w59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5w59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5wr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5x2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5xwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5yu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5yu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5yu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	5yu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6att	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6att	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6att	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6b3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ce9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6d1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6d1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6d20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6d22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.1	pdb	6fek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ab2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ad5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ad5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1aot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1aot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1aou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1aou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1awo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1aww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1awx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1azg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1azg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1b55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1b55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1btk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1btk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1bwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1byg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1csz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1cwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1efn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1efn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1efn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1efn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1fbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1fbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1fyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1fyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1g83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1g83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1h92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1hcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1hcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1hct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1hct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ijr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1jwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1k04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1k05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1k05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1k05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1k2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1k2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1kik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ksw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1lkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1m27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1m27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1m27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1m61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1mp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1nyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1nyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1o4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1opl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1opl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1ow8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1q68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1q68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1q69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1q69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1qcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1qly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1qpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1qpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1qpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1qpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1rja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1shd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1shd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1shf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1shf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1sm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1sm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1snu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1snu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1snx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1snx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1u46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1u46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1u4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1u4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1u54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1u54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1u59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1w1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1wa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1wa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1wqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1x8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1xba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1xbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1xbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1y57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1yvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1zbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	1zzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2abl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2b7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2b7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2bdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2bdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2bdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2c0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2c0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2c0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2c0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2c0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2c0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2dcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2dm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2dq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2e2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2e2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2e6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ecd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ekx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2etm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2etm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2f4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2fo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2g2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ge9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2gqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2gqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2h8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2hzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2iim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ijm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ijm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2in6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2io6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2kgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2kk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2kk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2lct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2lct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2lk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2lmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2lul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2mc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2mc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2mqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2mrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2mrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2mrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2o88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2o88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2o88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2o88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2of2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ofu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ofv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ofv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2og8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2og8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2oi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2oi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2oj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2oj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2oq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2oq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ozo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2pl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2src	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2v7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2v7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2xa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2xa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2xyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2xyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2xyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2ys2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2yuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2z0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2z0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2z0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2z0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2z2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2zm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2zm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	2zyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3a4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ac1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ac2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ac3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ac4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ac5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ac8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3acj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ack	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ad4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ad5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ad6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3b2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3b71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3b71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3b71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3b71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3b71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3b71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3bi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3biz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3bkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3buw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3buw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3buw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3buw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3bym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3byo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3bys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3byu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3bz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3cs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3d7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3d7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3d7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3d7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3d7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3d7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3e62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3e63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3e64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3egu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3emg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3et7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3eyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3fqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3fqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3fqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3fqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3fup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3fup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3gvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3h0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3h0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3h0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3h0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3h3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3hck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3hmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3io7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3iok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3jy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3k2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3k2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3k2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3k2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3k54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3kck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3kmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3krr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3kxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3lck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3lpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3lpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3lxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3lxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3lxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3lxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3miy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3miy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3mj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3mj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3mpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3nhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3nyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3nz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ocs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3oct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3p08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3p08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3piy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3piz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3pyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3q32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3q32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3qrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3rvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3s9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3s9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3s9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3srv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3srv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3sxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3sxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3sxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3t04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3t04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3t9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3tjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3tjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3tjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3tjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3tub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3tuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3tud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3u3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ua7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ue4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ue4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3ugc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3us4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3uyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3uyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3vs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	3zon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4aqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4aqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4bbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4c3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4c61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4c61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4c62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4c62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4d8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4dfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4dfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4dyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4e93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ebv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ebw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ehz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ehz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ehz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ehz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ei4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ei4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4eih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4eik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4eik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4eku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ewh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ewh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4f08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4f08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4f4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4f59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4f5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4f5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4fz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4gvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4h1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4h1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4hzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4i6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4id7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4iva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ivb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ivb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ivc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ivc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ivd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ivd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4j9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ji9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ji9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4jia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4jjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4jjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4jjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4k9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4kio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4l00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4l00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4l01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4l01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4l7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4l7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4lud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4lud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4lue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4lue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4m0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4m0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4m12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4m13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4m14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4m15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4mxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4nwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4nwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ny0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ny0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ny0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ny0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4oli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ot5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ot6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4otf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4otq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4otr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4p7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4p7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4po6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4po6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4pp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4pp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ppa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ppa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ppb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ppb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ppc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ppc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4pqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4puz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4puz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4pv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4px6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4q9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4qd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4qd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4qps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4qps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4qt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4r32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4r32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4r32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4rx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4twp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4twp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4u17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4u17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4u17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4u1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4u1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4v0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4v0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4wa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4wa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4wnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4wov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4wov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4xz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ytc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4ytf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4yti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4z3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4zim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4zim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4zly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4zlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4zog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	4zog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5aep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5bpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5bpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5bq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5c27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5cy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5d7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5d7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5d7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5d7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5da3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5dc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5dc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5dc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5dc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5dc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5dc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5e1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5e1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5f1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5f20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5fbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5fbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5fbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ghv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ghv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5h2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5hx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5i4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ixd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ixd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ixi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ixi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5j87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5j87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5j87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5j87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5jrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5jrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5khw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5khw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5khx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5kup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5l04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5l3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5lma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5lmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5lmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5lwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5lwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5mo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5mtm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5mtm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5mtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5mtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5np5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5oaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5oaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5p9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5t18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5t68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5t68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5to8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5toz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5tts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ttu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ttv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5u9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5usy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5usy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5usz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ut0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ut1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ut2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ut3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ut4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ut5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ut6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5v5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5ve6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5vo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5w86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5w86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5w86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5w86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5wal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5wfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5wo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5wo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5xy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5xyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	5xyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6amv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6amw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6bbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6bbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6bhc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6bl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6bl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6c7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.10.2	pdb	6c7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1aue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1aue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1bpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1c1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1c1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1f3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1faq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1far	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1g1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1g1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1gzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1h1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1h4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1h4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1h4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1h4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ia8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ig1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1jwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1k1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1kgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1kwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1kwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1kwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1kwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ll8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1mfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1mg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1mq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1mrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1mry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1muo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1na7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ncu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1nxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1o6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1o6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1o6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1o6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1oky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1okz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ol5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ol5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ol6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ol7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1p4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1p6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1pjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1qu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1rfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1s1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1s1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1s1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1s1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1tit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1tiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1tki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1tki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1tnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1tnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ung	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ung	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ung	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ung	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1unr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1uwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1v9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1vzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1w1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1w1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1w1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1w1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1w1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1w1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1waa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1waa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1waa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1waa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1waa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1waa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1wxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1x6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1xqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1xr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1xws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ya5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ya5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ya5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1ywv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1yxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1z5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1z9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1z9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1z9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	1zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2a38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ac3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ac5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ain	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ain	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ayp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2biy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2br1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2brb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2brg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2brh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2brn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2bzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2c6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2chl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2cr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2dku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2dm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2dwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2e7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2e9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2e9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2e9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2e9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2e9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2e9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2edf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2edh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2edl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2edt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2edw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2eny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2eo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2esm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2esm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2etk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2etk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2etr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2etr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2fb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2fb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2gaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2gdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ghg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2gqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2h6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2h7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2h7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2h7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2h7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2hy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ill	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2iwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2iwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2izr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2izs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2izt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2izu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2j90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2jo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2kyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2l05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2lah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2lav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ltu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2mse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2mse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2mse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2mse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2mwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2n56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2n7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2n83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2np8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2npu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2nzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2o3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2o63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2o64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2o8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2o8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2obj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2odb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2odb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ov2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2oza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2p3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pe1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2pzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2q0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2q0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2qhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2qhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2qme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2qme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2qnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2qnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2r0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2r5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2r7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2rq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2rsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2uv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2uvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2uw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2uw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2uzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2uzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2v62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2vwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2wwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2x8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2xzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2y9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ycf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ycq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ycr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ycs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ydi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ydj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ydj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ydk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ym3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ym4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ym5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ym6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ym7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ym8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2ywp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2yza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2z7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2z7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2z7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2zej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2zej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	2zjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3a99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3amy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3aqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3at2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3at3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3at4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3axw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3beg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3beg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3bgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3bgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3bhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3bqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3bqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3bwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3c4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ckw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ckx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3coh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3coh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3com	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3com	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3cy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3d0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3d0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3d4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3d4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3d6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3d9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3d9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3dlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3e8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3efw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3efw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3eh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3eha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3f2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3f2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3f5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3f5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3f6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3f6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fdn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fe3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3fyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ggf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ggf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3gub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3h9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ha6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ha6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3hdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3hdn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3hrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3hrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3i6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ii5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ii5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ion	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3iqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ixe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ixe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3juh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3juh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3jya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3k5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ka0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3khf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3khf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3knb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3knb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3kud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3lpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3m11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3m2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3m42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ma3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ma3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3mvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3myg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ncz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ncz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ncz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ncz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ndm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ndm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ndm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ndm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3nuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ny5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ny5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ny5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ny5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3o96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ocb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ocb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ocb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ocb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ofm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3og7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3og7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3omv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3omv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3op5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3op5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3op5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3op5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ose	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ot3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ot8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3otu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ow4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ow4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ow4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ow4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3owj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3owk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3owl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3p1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3p23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3p23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3p23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3p23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3p9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pe1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ppj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ppj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ppk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ppk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3prf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3prf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ps4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ps4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ps4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3ps4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3psb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3psb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3psd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3psd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3puc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3pwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3q9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qa0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qa0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3qp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3r30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3rwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3s95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3s95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3sc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3she	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3si5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3si5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3si5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3si5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3skc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3skc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3t9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3tv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3twj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3twj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3twj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3twj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3u9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3umw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3umx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3unz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3unz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3up2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3up7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3uzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3v8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3v8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3v8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3v8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3vc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3w8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3war	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3we4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3we8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3wws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	3zxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4a9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4af3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4af3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4afe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4alu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4alv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4alw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4aot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4aot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4apc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4apc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4app	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4as0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4au8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4au8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4aw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4aw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4b0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4b4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4b9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4b9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4btj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4btj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4btk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4btm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4btm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4byi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4byj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4bzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4c8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ceg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ch9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ch9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ch9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ch9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4chb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4chb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4chb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4chb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4cqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ct1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ct2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4d9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4daw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4deb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ded	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4dx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4e26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4e26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4e4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4e4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4efo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4efo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ehe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ehe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ehg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ehg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ejn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ekk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ekk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ekk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ekk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ekl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4enx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4eny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4eqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4equ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4equ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4eut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4eut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4euu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4euu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4f9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ft0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ft3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ft5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ft7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ft9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ftu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4fzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4g9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4geh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4geh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4geh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4geh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ggd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ggd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ggd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ggd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4gh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4grb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4gub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4gv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4gw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4gw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4h58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4h58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4h58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4i41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ib5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ib5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ib5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ib5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ib5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ib5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ib5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ifc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ifc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ihl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ihl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ihl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ijp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ijp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4im0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4im2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4im3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ith	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ith	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4itj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4itj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4iwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ixp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4j8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4j8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4j8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4j8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4j8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4jx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4k0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4k18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4k1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ks7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ks8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ksp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ksp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ksq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ksq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4kwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4l6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ll5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4lmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4m7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4mbi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4mbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4mbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4mbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4md9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4med	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4mnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4mnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4mta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4n6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4n6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4n70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4neu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4neu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4njd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4nzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4o38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4obo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4obo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4obp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4obp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4obq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4obq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4oh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4oh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4oh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4oh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4otp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ouc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ouc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4p90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4p90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4pf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4pp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4pp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4prj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4pwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4pxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4pxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4qyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4r5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4r5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4r8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4red	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4red	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4rzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4twc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4twc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4txc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ty1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4tyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4u9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ual	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ub7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ump	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ump	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ump	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ump	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4umq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4umr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4umt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4umu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4usd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4usd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4use	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4use	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4usf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4usf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4utd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4uzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4w9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4wzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4x7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4xx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4y8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yo4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ypd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4yzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4ztr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	4zy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5a6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5a6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5a6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5a6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ack	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ajq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ajq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ar8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5auu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5auv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5auw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5aux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5auy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5auz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5av0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5av1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5av2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5av3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5av4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ax9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ax9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ax9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5b0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5brm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5bs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5c1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5c9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5c9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ci7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5clp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5clp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5csx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ct0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ct0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ct7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ct7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ctp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ctp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5cx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5d9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5de2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5de2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5de2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5de2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5di1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5di1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5drd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5dwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5eol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ep6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ep6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ep6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ep6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5es1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ew9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ezv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ezv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ezv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ezv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ezv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ezv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5f5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5fd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5fd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5g1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5h8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ho7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ho8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5htb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5htb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5hx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5i0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5i3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5i3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ih4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ih5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ih6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ih8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ih9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ihc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ikw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ime	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ime	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ipj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ita	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ita	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5joe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5jzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5k7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5khu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ku8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ku8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5kzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5l9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5loh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5loh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5luq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5luq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5luq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5luq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5lxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5m5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5maf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5moe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5moe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5moh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mrd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5my8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5my9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5my9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5myc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5myc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5myv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5myv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5myv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5myv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5mzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5n9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ndt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ndt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ng3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5np1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5nxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5o33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5obj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5obr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5odt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5odt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5okt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5okt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5okt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5okt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5omy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5one	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ooi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ooi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5op2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5op4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5op5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5op7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5opb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5opr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ops	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5opu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5opv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ork	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ork	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ors	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ort	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5orz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5os8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5osd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ose	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5osf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5osl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5osz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ot5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ot5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ot6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ot6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ote	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5otz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ouu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ouu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5owq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5owq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5owr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5oyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5sv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5sv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5sv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5sv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5swf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5swf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5t1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5te0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5toe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5twz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5tzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5u7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ukf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ukf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ukf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ukf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5upk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5upk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5upk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5upl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5upl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5uzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5v80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5v82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5val	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5val	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5ved	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5vyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5w85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5we8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5we8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5wxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5xva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5xvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5xvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5y9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5y9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5yz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	5zcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ao5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ao5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ayd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6b8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6btw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6btw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6btw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6btw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6bx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6c3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6c3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6c4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6c4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6c4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6c4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ccy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ck3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ck6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6cqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6csw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6csw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6csw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6csw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6dd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6dd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6dd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6dd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ehk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ehu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6ehu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6eii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6eii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6eim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6eim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6elm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6eqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6eqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6eqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6es0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6es0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6f3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6fu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6g34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6g35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6g36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6g37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6g38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6g39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6g3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.1	pdb	6gih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	1y8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	1y8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	1y8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	1y8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	1y8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	1y8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2btz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2bu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2bu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2bu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2bu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2bu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2e0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2e0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2pnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2q8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2q8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2q8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2q8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2q8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2zdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2zdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2zdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2zdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	2zkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	3d2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	3d2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	4mp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	4mp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	4mpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	4mpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	4mpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	4v25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	4v26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	5j6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	5j71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	5m4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	5m4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	5m4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.2	pdb	5m4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	3brv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4kik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	4kik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5ebz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5tqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5tqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5tqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5tqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5tqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.10	pdb	5tqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	2gu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	2gu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	2izx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	2izx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	2izx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3agl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3agl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3agm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3agm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3ama	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3ama	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3amb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3amb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3l9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3mvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3mvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3mvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3mvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3mvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3mvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3nx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3nx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3oog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3oog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3ovv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3ovv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3owp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3owp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3oxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3oxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3p0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3p0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3poo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3poo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3vqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	3vqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4ae6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4ae6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4ae9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4ae9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4uja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4ujb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4ujb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	4wb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5bx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5bx6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5bx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5bx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5izf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5izf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5izj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5izj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5izj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5izj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5j5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5j5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5n23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5n23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5uzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.11	pdb	5uzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	1zxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	1zxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3nmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3nmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3nmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3nmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3nmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3ocp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3od0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3od0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3ogj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3ogj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3ogj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	3ogj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4ku7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4ku8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4ku8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4ku8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4qx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4qxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4z07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4z07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	4z07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5bv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5j48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5j48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5jax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5jd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5jix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5jiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	5l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.12	pdb	6bq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1cxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1cxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1urf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1vd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1wmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1wmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1xjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1yrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1yrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	1zrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2coa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2e73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2eli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2enj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2enn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2enz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2fk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2jed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2jed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2rmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2rmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2uzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2uzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2uzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	2yuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3a8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3a8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3a8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3a8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3bgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3bgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3bgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3iw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3iw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3iw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3txo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3zh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3zh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	3zh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4crs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4dnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4nny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4nny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4nny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4otd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4otg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4oth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4oti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4q9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4q9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4ra4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4ra5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	4ra5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5li1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5li1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5li9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5lih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5lih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5lih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.13	pdb	5lih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	1bak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3cik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3cik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3cik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3krw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3krw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3krw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3krx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3krx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3krx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	3v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	4mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	4mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	4mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	4pnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	4pnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	4pnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5he1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5he1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5he1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5ukk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5ukk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5ukk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5ukl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5ukl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5ukl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5uuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5uvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	5wg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	6c2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	6c2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.15	pdb	6c2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	2acx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	2acx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	3nyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	3nyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	3nyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	3nyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	4tnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	4tnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	4yhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.16	pdb	4yhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2jam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2jam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2jam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2jam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2jc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2jc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2l7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2l7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2ux0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2ux0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2ux0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2ux0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2ux0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2ux0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2v7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2vn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2vn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2vz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2vz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2w4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2wel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2wel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	2zv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	3bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	3bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	3bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	3bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	3soa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	4fg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	4fg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	4fg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	4fg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	4fg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	4fgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5ig3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5ig3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5ig3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5ig3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5ig3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5ig3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5uy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5uyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5vlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5vlo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	5vt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6ayw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6ayw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6bku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6ble	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6bql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6bqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6bqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6brc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6brc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6ccf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6ccf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6cd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6cd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6cd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6cd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6cmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6cmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.17	pdb	6fel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	1cdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	2cqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	2k0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	2k0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	2lv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	2lv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	2yr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	3evv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	3o77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	3o78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	3o78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	5jqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	5jqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	5jth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.18	pdb	5jth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.19	pdb	2y7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.19	pdb	2y7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.19	pdb	2y7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.19	pdb	2y7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.20	pdb	5j8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.20	pdb	5j8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.20	pdb	5ks5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1q4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1umw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1umw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1umw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	1umw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2n19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2ogq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2ojx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2ojx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2ou7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2owb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2rku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2v5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2v5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2v5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2v5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	2yac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3bzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3bzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3cok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3cok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3fc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3fvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3fvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3hih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3hih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3hik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3hik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3kb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3p37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3q1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3q1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3rq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3rq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	3thb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4a4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4a4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4b6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4dfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4dfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4e67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4e67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4e9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4e9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4e9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4e9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4h5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4h5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4h71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4h71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4hy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4i5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4i5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4i6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4i6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4i6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4j52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4j53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4jxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4lkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4lkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4lkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4lkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4lkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4lkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4n7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4n7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4n7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4n7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4n7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4n9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4n9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4o56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4o56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4o6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4o6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4o9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4o9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4rcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4rcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4rs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4rs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4whh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4whh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4whk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4whk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4whl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4whl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4x9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4x9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4x9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4x9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4x9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4x9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4xb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4xb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4yur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4yyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	4yyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5j19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5j19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5j19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5j19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5lhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5nei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5nfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5nfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5nje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5nmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5nn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5nn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5ta6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.21	pdb	5ta8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1aq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1b38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1b39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1bi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1bi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1bi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1bi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1bi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1bi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1blx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1blx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1buh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1buh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ckp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1di8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1dm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1e1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1e1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1e9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1e9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1e9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1e9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1f5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1fvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1g5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1gz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1h28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1hck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1hcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1jvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ke5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ke6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ke7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ke8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ke9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ogu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1oiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1okw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ol2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1p2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1p5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1p5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1p5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1p5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1pye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1qmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1r78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1urc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1urc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1urc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1urc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1urc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1urc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1urw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1v1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1vyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1vyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1vyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1vyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1vyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1w0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1w8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1w98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1w98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1wcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1y8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1y91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	1ykr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2a4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2b52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2b53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2b54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2b55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2btr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2bts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2c6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2cjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2clx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2ds1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2duv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2exm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2fvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2g9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2g9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2g9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2g9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2i40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2i40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2i40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2i40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2iw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2jgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2jgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2r64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2uzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2v0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2v22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2v22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2v22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2v22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vtt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2vv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2w9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2whb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2whb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2whb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2whb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2whb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2whb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2x1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2x1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2x1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2x1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2x1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2xmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	2xnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3bhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3blh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3blh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3blq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3blq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3blr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3blr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ddq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3dog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3dog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3dog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3dog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ej1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ej1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ej1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ej1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3eoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ezr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ezv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3f5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3f5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3f5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3f5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ig7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3igg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3le6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3lfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3lfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3lfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3lq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3lq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3mi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3mi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3mi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3mia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3mia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3mia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3mtl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3my1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3my1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3my5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3my5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3my5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3my5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ns9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3nup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3nux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3pj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3pxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3pxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3pxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3pxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3pxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3py0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ql8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qrt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qtq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qtr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qtx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qtz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3qzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3r9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ral	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3roy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3rzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3s00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3s0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3s1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3s2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3sqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3sw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3sw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3ti1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3tnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3uli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3unj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3unk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3wbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	3zdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4aaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4acm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4aua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4bzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4crl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4crl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4cxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4d1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4d1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ec8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ec8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ec9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ec9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ek3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ek4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ek5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ek6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ek8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4erw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ez3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ez5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ez7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4f7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4fx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4g6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4g6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4gcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4i3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4i3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4i3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4i3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ii5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ii5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ii5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ii5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4imy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4kd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4lyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4nj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4nst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4nst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4nst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4nst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4ogr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4or5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4rj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4un0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4un0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4un0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4un0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4y72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4y72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4y72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	4yc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5a14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5acb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5acb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5acb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5acb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5and	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5ane	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5ang	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5ani	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5anj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5ank	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5ano	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5bnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5bnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5cei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5cei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5cyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5cyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5cyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5cyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5d1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5efq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5efq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5efq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5efq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5fwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5g6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5g6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5hvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5i5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5i5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5icp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5idn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5idn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5iev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5iex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5iey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5if1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5if1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5if1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5if1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5jq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5jq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5k4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5l2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5mhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5nev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5nev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5nev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5nev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5oo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5osj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5osm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5uq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5xqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5xqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5xs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	5xs2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	6b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	6b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	6b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.22	pdb	6b3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1a9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1bl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1bl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1bmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1cm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1cm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1di9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1jnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1kv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1kv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1m7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1ouk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1ouy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1ove	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1oz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1pme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1pmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1pmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1pmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1r39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1r3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1tvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1ukh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1ukh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1uki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1uki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1w7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1w82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1w83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1w84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1wzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1yqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1zyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1zz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	1zzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2b1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2baj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2bak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2bal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2baq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2exc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2fsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2fsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2fso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2fst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2g01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2g01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2g01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2g01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2gfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2gmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2gmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2gmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2gmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2h96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2h96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2h96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2h96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2i0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2i6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2i6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2lgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2no3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2no3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2no3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2no3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2npq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2o0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2o2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2ojg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2oji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2ojj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2ok1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2okr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2okr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2okr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2okr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2onl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2onl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2onl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2onl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2p33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2qd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2r9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2r9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2rg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2rg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2waj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2xrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2xrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2xs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2xs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2y8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2y8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2y9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2y9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2yis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2yiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2yix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2zaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2zb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2zb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2zdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2zdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2zoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	2zoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3bv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3bv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3bx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3c5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3cgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3cgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3coi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ctq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3d7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3d83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3da6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ds6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ds6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ds6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ds6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3dt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3e7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3e7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3e92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3e93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3elj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3flq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3flw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3flz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3fv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3g90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3g9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3g9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3gp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ha8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3heg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3huc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3hvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3iph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3itz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3iw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3iw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3iw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3iw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3k3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3k3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3kf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3kq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3kvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3l8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3l8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3lfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3lfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3lfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3lfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3lfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3lff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3lhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3mw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3new	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3nnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3nnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3nnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3nnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3npc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3npc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3nww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3o8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3obg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3obj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3oc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ocg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3od6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ody	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3odz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3oef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3oxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3oxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3oy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3pg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ptg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ptg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3pze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3qud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3que	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3rin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3roc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3rtp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3s3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3s4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3sa0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3tei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3tei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3tti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3ttj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3u8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3uvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3uvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3uvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3v3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3v3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3v6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3v6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3v6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3v6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3vum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3w55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3zs5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3zsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3zsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3zsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	3zya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4a9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4aa0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4aa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4aa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4aac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4awi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4b99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4dli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4dlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4e5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4e5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4e6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4e6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4e73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4e73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4e8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ehv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ewq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4eym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4f9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4f9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fa2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4g1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4g1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4g6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4g6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4geo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4h3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4hys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4hys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4hyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4hyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ic7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ic7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ic7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ic7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ic8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ic8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4iza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4izy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4izy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4kkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4l7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4l8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4myg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4myg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4n0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4o6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4qte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4r3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4u79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4ux9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4w4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4w4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4w4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4w4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4whz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4x21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4x21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4xj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4xj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4y46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4y5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4yr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4z9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	4zzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5ax3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5ax3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5bue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5bui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5buj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5bvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5bve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5bvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5byy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5byz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5ekn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5eko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5eta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5eta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5eta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5eta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5etc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5etf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5etf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5eti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5k4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5lw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5ml5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5mtx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5mty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5mz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5n63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5n64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5n65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5n66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5n67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5n68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5ngu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5nhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5nhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5nhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5nhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5nho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5nhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5nhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5o8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5o8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5tbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5tco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5v60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5v61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5v61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5v62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5v62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5wjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5xyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	5xyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	6anl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	6f5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	6f5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.24	pdb	6f5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	1k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	1k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2c60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2clq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2clq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2cu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2eva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2jrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2pph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2rf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2rf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2rf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2rf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	2yiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	3dtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	3vw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	3vw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4bie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4dn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4dn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4g3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4g3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4g3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4g3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4gs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4idt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4idt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4idv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4idv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4idv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4idv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4l3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4l52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4l53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4o91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4uy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4uy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4uya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4y85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4yl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	4yl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5cen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5ceo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5cep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5ceq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5e7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5gjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5gjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5gjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5hes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5hes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5iu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5iu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5j7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5j8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5j9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5jga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5jgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5jgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5jh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5jk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5k26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5k26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5k28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5k28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5ulm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5ulm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5uor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5uor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5uox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5uox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5up3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5up3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5v19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5v19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5v24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5v24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5v5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5vo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	5x5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	6ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	6ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	6ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.25	pdb	6ejl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1gng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1h8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1h8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1i09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1i09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1j1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1j1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1j1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1j1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1o9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1o9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1pyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1pyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1q5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1r0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1r0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	1uv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	2jld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	2jld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	2jld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	2o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	2ow3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	2ow3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3du8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3du8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3f7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3f7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3f88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3f88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3gb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3l1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3l1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3m1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3m1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3pup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3pup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3q3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3q3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3say	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3say	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3sd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3sd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	3zrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4acc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4acc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4acd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4acd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4acg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4acg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4ach	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4ach	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4afj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4afj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4afj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4afj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4b7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4b7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4dit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4iq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4iq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4j1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4j1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4j1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4j1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4j71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4j71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4nm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4ptc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4ptc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4pte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4pte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4ptg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	4ptg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5air	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5air	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5f94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5f94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5f95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5f95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5hln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5hln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5hlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5hlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5k5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5k5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5kpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5kpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5kpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5kpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5kpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5kpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5oy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5oy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5oy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5oy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5t31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	5t31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	6b8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.26	pdb	6b8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1es7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1es7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1es7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1es7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1ias	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1ias	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1ias	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1ias	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1ias	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1ktz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1ktz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1lx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1lx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1m9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1plo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1py5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1rew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1rew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1rew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1rew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1rw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	1vjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2goo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2goo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2goo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2goo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2goo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2goo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2h62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2h62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2h62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2h62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2hlq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2k3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2l5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2lcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2pjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2pjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2pjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2qlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2wot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2wou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2x7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2x7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2x7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2x7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	2x7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3faa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3faa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3faa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3faa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3faa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3gxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3h9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3h9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3hmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3kfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3mdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3mdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3mdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3mdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3mtf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3mtf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3my0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3nh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3q4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3q4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3q4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3q4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3q4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3q4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3qb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3qb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3qb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3qb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3soc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3soc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	3tzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4asx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4asx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4bgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4bgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4bgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4bgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4c02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4c02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4dym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4fao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4p7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4x0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4x2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4x2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4x2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4x2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4x2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	4xjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5e92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5fri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5ngv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5ngv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5ngv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5nhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5oy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5tx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5tx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5ty4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5ty4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	5usq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	6b8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	6eix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	6gi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	6gin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	6gin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.11.30	pdb	6gip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	1z57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2exe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2vag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2vx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2vx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2vx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2vx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2wo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2wo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2wo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2wu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2wu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2x9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2zmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	2zmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3anr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3cek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3dbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3gfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3h9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3hmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3hmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3hmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3k2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3kvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3nr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3nr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3nr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3raw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3raw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3vqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3w1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3wyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3wyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3wzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	3wzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4aze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4azf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4b94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4b94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4b94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4b94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4bhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4bi0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4bi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4bi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4c4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4c4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4c4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4c4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4c4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4cv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4cv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4cva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4d2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4h7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4h7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4h7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4h7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4h7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4h7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4js8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4jt3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4mq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4nct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4nct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4nct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4nct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4o6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4o6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4ylj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4ylj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4ylj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4ylj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4ylk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4yll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4yu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4yu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4yu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4yu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	4zeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5a54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5aik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5aik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5aik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5aik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ap7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5eh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ehl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5eho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ehy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ei2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ei6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ei8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5j1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5j1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5j1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5j1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5j1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5j1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ljj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5lxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5lxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5lxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5lxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5mrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5n7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5n84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5n87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5n93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5n9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5na0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5nad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5ntt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5o91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5unp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5unp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5x8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5x8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	5y86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6b4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6ft7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6ft7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6ft8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6ft9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6ft9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6ft9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6g33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6g33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.1	pdb	6g33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	1s9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	1s9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	1s9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2dyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2npt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2npt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2npt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2npt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2o2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2o2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	2p55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3aln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3aln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3aln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3alo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3alo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3dv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3dy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3e8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3enm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3enm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3enm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3enm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3eqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3eqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3eqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3eqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3eqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3eqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3eqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3fme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3mbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3orn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3os3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3pp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3sls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3sls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3v01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3v04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3vn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3vut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3vut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3vvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3vvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3vvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3w8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3wig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3wzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3zls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3zlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3zlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3zly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	3zm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4an2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4an3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4an9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4anb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4ark	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4lmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4mne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4u7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4u80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	4u81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5b2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5b2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5b2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5bx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5eym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5eym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5hze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5j0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5j0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5y8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.7.12.2	pdb	5y90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.2	pdb	3olh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.2	pdb	4jgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.2	pdb	4jgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.2	pdb	4jgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5kz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5usr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.7	pdb	5wlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	4ap8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	4ap8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	4ap8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	4ap8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	5mpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	5mpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	5mpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.1.12	pdb	5mpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	1nst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	1zd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	1zd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	2ad1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	2gwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	2gwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	2z5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	2z5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	3bfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	3bfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	3ckl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2	pdb	3ckl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	1cjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	1ls6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	1z28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	1z29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	2a3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	2a3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	2d06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	2d06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3qvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3qvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3qvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3qvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3u3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3u3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3u3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3u3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3u3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3u3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	3u3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	4gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.1	pdb	4gra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.2	pdb	1q1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.2	pdb	1q1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.2	pdb	1q20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.2	pdb	1q22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.2	pdb	2h8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.2	pdb	2h8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.2	pdb	2reo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	1g3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	1g3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	1hy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	1hy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	4jvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	4jvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	4jvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	4jvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	4jvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.4	pdb	4jvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	1efh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	1efh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	1j99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	1ov4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	2qp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	2qp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	3f3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	3f3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	3f3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	3f3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	4ifb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.14	pdb	4ifb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	3ap3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.20	pdb	5wrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.23	pdb	1zrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.23	pdb	3bd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.30	pdb	1t8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.30	pdb	1t8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.30	pdb	1t8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.2.30	pdb	1t8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.3.5	pdb	3dlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.3.5	pdb	3dlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.3.5	pdb	3dlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.8.3.5	pdb	3dlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	3hl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	3hl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	3hl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	3hl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	3hl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	2.9.1.2	pdb	4zdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1av5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1av5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1ibx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1ibx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	1kpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	2d9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	2vkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	2wx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	2wx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	2wx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3bhb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3bhb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3bhb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3fau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3fau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3fau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3fau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3tw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	3tw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ad9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ad9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ad9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ad9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ad9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ad9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4b6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4b6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4b6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4b6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4eqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4eqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4eqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4eqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4eqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4eqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4inc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4inc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ini	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4ini	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4njz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4nk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4nk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4v0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4v0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4v0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4v0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	4zkv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ed3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ed3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ed6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ed6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5emt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5emt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5i2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5i2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5i2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5i2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5ipe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5klz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5klz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5km9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5o8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5o8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5wa8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5wa8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5wa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	5wa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	6b42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	6g9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3	pdb	6g9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1bix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1cqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1cqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1cqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1cqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1de9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1e9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1e9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ea6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ea6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1h7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1h7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1h7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1hd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1j1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1j1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1j1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1j1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1u7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1u7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1ul1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1w0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1wlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1x52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1z00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1z00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	1zbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2a1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2a1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2aq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2aq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2dok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2dok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2hww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2hww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2hww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2hwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2isi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2isi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2isi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2kn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2kn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2kn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2kn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2l4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2mut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2mut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2o3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2ocg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2oci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2ock	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2ocl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2xri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2z0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2z0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2z0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2z0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2z0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	2z0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3bua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3q8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qe9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3qeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3u8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3u8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3u8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3u8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3u8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3u8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3uvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3uvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3v32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3v32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3v33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3v33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3v34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	3v34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4d2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4iem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4l8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4l8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4l8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4l8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4l8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4lnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4lnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4lnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4qoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4um2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	4wyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5aho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5cfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5dg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5e0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5e0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5e0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5e0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5ekf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5ekf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5ekf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5ekg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5ekg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5ekg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5eo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5eo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5fv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5fv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5k97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5k97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5k97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5k97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5k97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5mkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5mkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5t9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5t9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5t9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5t9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5t9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5t9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5um9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5um9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5um9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5um9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5uzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5uzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5uzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5v0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5vem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5vem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5vem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5wn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5yd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5yd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5yd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5yd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5yd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1	pdb	5yd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	1xgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2lkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2my9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2q6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2q6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2q6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2q6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2q6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2q6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2qy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2qy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2qy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2v8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	2v8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4eje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4eje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4eje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4eje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	4h1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5e1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5e1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5e1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1	pdb	5h10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1mx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1ya4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1ya4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1ya4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1ya8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1ya8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1ya8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	1yaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2dr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2h7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2h7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2h7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2h7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2h7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2h7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	2hrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	3k9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	3k9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	3k9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	4ab1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	5a7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	5a7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.1	pdb	5a7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.3	pdb	1hlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.3	pdb	1hlg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.3	pdb	1n8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.3	pdb	1n8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.3	pdb	2ppl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1ayp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1ayp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1ayp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1ayp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1ayp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1ayp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1bbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1bci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1cjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1cjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1db4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1db5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1dcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1j1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1j1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1kqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1kvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1le6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1le6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1le6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1le7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1le7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1n28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1n28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1n29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1pod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1poe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1poe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	1rlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3elo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3u8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3u8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3u8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3u8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3u8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3u8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	3u8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	4uy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	4uy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5g3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5g3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5g3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5ixc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5ixc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5iz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5izr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5izr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5izr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5izr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5wzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5wzo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5wzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5wzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5wzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5wzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.4	pdb	5wzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.5	pdb	1g86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.5	pdb	1hdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.5	pdb	1lcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.5	pdb	1qkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1b41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1b41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	1vzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	2x8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	2x8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	3lii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	3lii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4bdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4bdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4ey8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4m0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4m0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4m0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4m0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	4pqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5fpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5fpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.7	pdb	5hq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	1p0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	1p0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	1p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	1p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	1xlu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	1xlv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	1xlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2j4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2pm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2pm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2wsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2xqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	2y1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	3djy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	3dkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	3o9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	3o9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4aqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4aqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4axb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4b0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4b0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4bbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4bds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4tpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4tpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4xii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	4xii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5dyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5dyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5dyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5dyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5dyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5dyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5k5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5k5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5lkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5lkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	5nn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6emi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6emi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6ep4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6eqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6eqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6esj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6esj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6esy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.8	pdb	6esy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.13	pdb	1f6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.13	pdb	1jmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.17	pdb	4gnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.17	pdb	4gnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.17	pdb	4gnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.17	pdb	4gnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	3hju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	3hju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	3jw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	3jw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	3jwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	3jwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	3pe6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	4uuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	4uuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	6ax1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	6ax1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	6bq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.23	pdb	6bq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.26	pdb	2oxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.26	pdb	2oxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.26	pdb	2pvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.26	pdb	2pvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.32	pdb	2kyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.32	pdb	4dot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.32	pdb	4fa0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.32	pdb	4q95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.32	pdb	4q95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	1vyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3d59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3d59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3d5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3d5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	3f9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5i8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5i8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5i9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5i9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5jau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.47	pdb	5lz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.77	pdb	5w78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.77	pdb	5w78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.77	pdb	5w7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.77	pdb	5w7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.77	pdb	5w7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.77	pdb	5w7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.89	pdb	3c5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.1.98	pdb	4wbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1fj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1fj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1j42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1p5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1pe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1q2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1soa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1ucf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	1ucf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2or3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2or3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2r1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2r1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2r1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2r1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2r1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2r1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2rk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2rk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	2rk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3b36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3b38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3b3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3bwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3bwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3bwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3bwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3bwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3bwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3bwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3cy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3cyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3cz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3cza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3ezg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3f71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3sf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3sf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	3u0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4bte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4mnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4mtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4n0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4n12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4ogf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4oq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4p2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4p34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4p35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4p36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4rkw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4rky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4s0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	4zgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5ip5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5kre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5sy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5sy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5sya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5sym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5sym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5syn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5syn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5syn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2	pdb	5syn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.1	pdb	3b7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.1	pdb	3b7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.1	pdb	3b7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.1	pdb	4mob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.1	pdb	4moc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	2qq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	3hlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	3hlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	3k2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	3k2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	4ae8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	4ae8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	4ae8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	4ae8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	4gah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.2	pdb	4gah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.4	pdb	3bpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.6	pdb	1qh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.6	pdb	1qh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.6	pdb	1qh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.6	pdb	1qh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.12	pdb	3fcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.12	pdb	3fcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.14	pdb	4xjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	2i50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.15	pdb	3o65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.22	pdb	1pja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.22	pdb	3gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.2.22	pdb	3gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1z4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1z4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1z4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1z4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1z4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1z4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1z4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1zsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	1zvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2dkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2i7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2i7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2jau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2jaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2kno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2l6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2loz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2loz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2x4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2x4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	2yf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	3hu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4did	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4did	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4jmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4l57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4l57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4l6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4l6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4mbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4mum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4mwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4nyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4nyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4nyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4xuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4xuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4xuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4xuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4y7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4y7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4yih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4yih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3	pdb	4yik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	1ew2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	1zeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	1zed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	1zef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	2glq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	3mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	3mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.1	pdb	3mk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1cvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1cvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1cvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1cvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1nd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	1war	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2bq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2hpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2hpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2hpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2hpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2l3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2l77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2l79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	2mg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	3ppd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	4job	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	4joc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.2	pdb	4jod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	1l8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	1l8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	1l8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	1l8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	1nnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	1nnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	2cfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	2cfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	2cft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	2oyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	2p27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	2p69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.3	pdb	5gyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2cn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2j2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2jc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2jcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2jga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2vkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	2xjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	4h4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	5cqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	5cqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	5cr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	5cr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	5k7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	5l4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.5	pdb	5l50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.7	pdb	2wef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	1fta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	1fta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	1fta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	1fta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2fix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2jjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2jjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2jjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2jjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2vt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2wbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	2y5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3a29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3a29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3a29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3a29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3ifc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	3kc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4he0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4he1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4he2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	4mjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5et8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5k54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5k55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5k56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5l0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5ldz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5ldz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5ldz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5ldz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5ldz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.11	pdb	5ldz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1a17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1a6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1aui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1d5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1fq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1hzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1it6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1it6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1j2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1j2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1j4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1j4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1jk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1m63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1mf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1mkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1ohc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1ohd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1ohe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1ohe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1onv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1onv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1s95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1s95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1t9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1ta0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1u32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1vhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1wao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1wao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1wao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1wao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1wrm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1zzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	1zzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2bcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2bcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2bdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2bdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2bug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2bug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2e0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2esb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2g6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2g6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2g6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ghq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ghq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ghq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ghq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ght	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ght	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ght	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ght	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2gwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2gwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2gwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2gwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2hxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ie4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ie4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2img	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2iq1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2jog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2jog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2jzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2jzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2k7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2kx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2m17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2npp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2nym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ouc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2ouc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2oud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2p6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2p6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2p6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2p6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2p6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2p8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2p8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2pq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2pq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2pq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2pq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2r28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2r28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2r28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2r28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2vsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2vsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2w73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2wgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2wgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2y96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	2y96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3c5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3c5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3c5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3dw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3e7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3e7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3e7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3e7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3e7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3e7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3egh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ezz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ezz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ezz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ezz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ezz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ezz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3f81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3f81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3fxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3fxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3fxl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3fxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3fxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3h69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3hvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3hvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3hvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3hvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3k7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3k7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3k7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3k7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3l0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3l0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3l0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3l0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3l0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3l0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3lj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ll8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ll8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ll8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ll8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3ll8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3mxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3mxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3n5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3n5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3n5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3o2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3pgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3pgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3s4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3tg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3tg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3tg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3tg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	3v4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4b04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4b04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4b04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4b04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4d3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4d3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4d3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4d3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4da1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4erc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4erc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4f0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4f0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4f0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4g9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4g9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4g9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4g9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4h3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4hrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4hrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4hrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4hrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4i5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4iyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4iyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4jmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4jmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4jnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ki9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4mov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4mov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4moy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4moy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4mp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4mp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4mp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4mp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4o1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4o1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4or9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4or9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ora	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ora	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4orc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4orc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4q5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4q5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4r30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4r30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4r30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4r30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ra2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4raf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4rag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4rkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4rkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ut2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ut2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ut3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ut3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4woh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4xpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4xpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4xpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4xpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4y2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4y2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4y2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4y2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ygy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ygy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ygy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4ygy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4yh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4yh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4yh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4yh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4zvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4zvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4zvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4zvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	4zx2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5bzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5c1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5c1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5gtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5gtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5gtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5gtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5hpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5inb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5inb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ioh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ioh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ioh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ioh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5j28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5j28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5j28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5j28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5muf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5muf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5muf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5sve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5sve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5sve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ui1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ui1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ui1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5ui1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5w0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5xjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5xjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5y15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5y15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5y16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	5y16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6alz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6alz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6b67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6b67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6b67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6b67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6b67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.16	pdb	6b67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1awb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1awb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1ima	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1ima	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1imb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1imb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1imc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1imc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1imd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1imd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1ime	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1ime	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	1imf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2czh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2czh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2czi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2czk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2ddk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2ddk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2fvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2fvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2fvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2fvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2hhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	2hhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	4as4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.25	pdb	4as4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.29	pdb	2w4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.29	pdb	4knv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.29	pdb	4knv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.29	pdb	4knw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.29	pdb	4knw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.29	pdb	4knw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	1ufw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	2dnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	2kie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	2qv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	2xsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	2xsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3mtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3n9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3n9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	3qis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	4cml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	4cmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	5a7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	5a7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.36	pdb	5a7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1a5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1aax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1bzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1bzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1bzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1bzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1c25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1c83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1c84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1c85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1c86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1c87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1c88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1cwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1cws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1cwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1d5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1d5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ecv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1een	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1een	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1eeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1eeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1fpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1fpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1g7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1gfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1gwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1i57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1jf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1jf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1kak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1kav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1l8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1l8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1lar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1lar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1lqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1nl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1nny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1no6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1nwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1nwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1nz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1oem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1oeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1oes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1oet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1oeu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1oev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ony	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1onz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1pa1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ph0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ptt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ptt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ptu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ptu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ptv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1pty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1pxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1pyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1q7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1qb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1qxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1r6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1rpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1rpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1rxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1rxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1rxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1sug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1t48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1t49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1t4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1v3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1wax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1wch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1x5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1x6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1xww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ygu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ym9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ymd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ymk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1yml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1ys0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1yz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1yz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	1zc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2a2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2a3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2a8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2ahs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2ahs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2azr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2b07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2b3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2b49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2b4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2b4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2b4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2b4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2bgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2bge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2bij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2bv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2bzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2c7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2c9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2cs5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2dju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2dle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2dlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2dn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2e5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2edx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2edy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2f71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2fh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2fjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2fjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2fjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2fjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2g59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2g59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2gp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2h4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2hy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2i75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2ifd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2ifv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2jjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2jjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2jjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2jjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2jjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2jjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2m0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2m10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2mbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2nlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2nt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2nta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2nz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2oc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2ooq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2ooq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2p6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2p6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2pa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2pa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2pbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2qep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2rmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2rmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2shp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2shp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2uzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2v5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2vev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2vew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2vex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2vey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2vph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2vph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2yu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2zmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	2zn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3a5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3a5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3b7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3brh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3brh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3brh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3brh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3cwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3d42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3d42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3d44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3d44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3d9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3eax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3eu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3fqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3fqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3fqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3fqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3fqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3fqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3geb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3geb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3geb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3geb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3h2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3hb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3i7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3i7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3i80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3jxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3jxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3jxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3lny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3mow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3n8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3nfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3o4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3o4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3o4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3o5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3olr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3omh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3op3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3pdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3ps5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3qkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3rau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3rau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3s97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3s97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3s97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3s97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3sme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3tkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3tkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3tkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3tl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3tl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	3zv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4bjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4bjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4bpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4dgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4dgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ge2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ge2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ge5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ge5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ge6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ge6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4grz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4h1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4h34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4hjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4hjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4hjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4hti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4htj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4i8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4icz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4icz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ikc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4j51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4j51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4je4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4je4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4jeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4jeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4jmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4jmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4n5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nnd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4nwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ohd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ohe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ohh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ohi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ohl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ohl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4pbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4pvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4qun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4rhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ri4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ri4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ri5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4ri5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4s0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4s0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4wh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4wh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4y14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4y14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4z99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4z9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4z9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4zrt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	4zrt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5awx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5bx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5cru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5cru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5cru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5cru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5crv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5crv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5crv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5crv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5df6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5df6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5df6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5e5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5e5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5e5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5e5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ehp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ehp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ehr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ehr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5eyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ez0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5fmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5fmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5fn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5fn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5fn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5glj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5glj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5glj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5glj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5h08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5hde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5i6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5i6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ibm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ibm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ibs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ibs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5j8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5j8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5j8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5j8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5jnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5jns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5jnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5k9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ka9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kaa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5kqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5lm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5lm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5lm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5lm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5m37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mjz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5mk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5o2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ovr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ovx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5ow1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5pnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5t19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5tsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5tsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5tsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5tsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5vr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5vr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5w5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5w5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5w5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5wy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5wy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5x94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5xnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5xnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5xnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5xnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	5xzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.48	pdb	6bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	1lw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	1m7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	1m7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	5c16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	5c16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	5c16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	5c16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	5gnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.64	pdb	5gnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	3wke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4c4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4c4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4c4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4c4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4c4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4hai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4j03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4jnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4ocz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4od0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	4y2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ahx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ai5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ai6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ai8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ai9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5aia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5aib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5aic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ak3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ak4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ak5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ak6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ake	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5akg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5akh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5aki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5akj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5akk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5akl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5aky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5akz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ald	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ale	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5ali	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5aln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5als	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5aly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5alz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5am0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5am1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5am2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5am3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5am4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5am5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5fp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	5mwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.76	pdb	6aum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.77	pdb	1yns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.77	pdb	1zs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	2k4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	2mk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	3nr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	3nr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	4a9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	4a9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5oko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5oko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.3.86	pdb	5okp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1jy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1mu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1mu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1mu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1mu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1nop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1nop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1nop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1nop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1nop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1qzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1qzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	1rh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	4h7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	4z0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	4z2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	4zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ebe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ebe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ebe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ino	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ino	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ino	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5ino	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5j3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5j3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5j3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5nw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5nw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5nw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5nwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5nwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5nwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4	pdb	5v1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.1	pdb	2ys0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.1	pdb	6c01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.1	pdb	6c01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.1	pdb	6c02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.1	pdb	6c02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	1hsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2bye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2byf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2fju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2fju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2hsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2k2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2w2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	2zkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	4ey0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	4ey0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	4ey0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	4ey0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.11	pdb	4fbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5i81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5i85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5i8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5i8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5i8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5jg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5jg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5tcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5udy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.12	pdb	5uvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1so2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1so2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1so2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1so2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1soj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	1z1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2oun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2oun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2oup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2oup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2our	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2our	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ous	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ous	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2ouy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2wey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2wey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2y0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2y0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2zmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	2zmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ibj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ibj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3sn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3sn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3sni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3sni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3snl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3snl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ui7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ui7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3uuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3uuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ws8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ws8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ws9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3ws9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	3wym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ael	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ael	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ajm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4bbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4bbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4c1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4c1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4c1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4c1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4d09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ddl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ddl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4dff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4dff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4fcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4fcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4fcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4fcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4heu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4heu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4hf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4hf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4htz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4jib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4jib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4jib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4jib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4llx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4lm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ms0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ms0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4msn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4muw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4muw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4mvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4npv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4npw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4p0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4p0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4p1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4p1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4phw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4phw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4tpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4tpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4tpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4tpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4wn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4wn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4xy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4xy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4yqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4yqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ys7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4ys7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4zo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	4zo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5axp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5axp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5axq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5axq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5b4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5c2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5dh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5dh4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5dh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5dh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5ede	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5ede	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5ede	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5ede	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5edi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5i2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5i2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5i2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5i2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5k9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5k9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5tzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5u7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5uoy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5up0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5uwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5uwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5vp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5vp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5vp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5vp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5vp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5vp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	5xuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	6b96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	6b96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	6b97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	6b97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	6b98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	6b98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.17	pdb	6ezf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1rkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1tbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1udt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1udu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1udu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1uho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1xoz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	1xp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2chm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2h40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2h44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2hd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2hd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2xss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2xss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2yy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	2yy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3b2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3b2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3bjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dy8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3dys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3hc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3hdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3k3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3k3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3k3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3k3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3lfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3lfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3mf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3mf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3n3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3n3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3qi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3qi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3qi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3qi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3shy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3shz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3sie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3sie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3tge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	3tgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4e90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4e90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4g2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4g2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4g2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4g2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4g2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4g2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4gh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4gh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4i9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4ia0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4md6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4oew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4oex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4y86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4y86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4y87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4y87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4y8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	4y8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	5e8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	5e8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	5e8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	5e8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.35	pdb	5jo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.37	pdb	1woj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	4zg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	4zg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	4zg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	4zg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	4zg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	4zga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	5kxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	5m7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.39	pdb	5mhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1e9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1f0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1f0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1mkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1oyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1oyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1oyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1oyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ptw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ptw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ptw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ptw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1q9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1q9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1q9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1q9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ro6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ro6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ro9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ro9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ror	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1ror	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1tb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1tb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1tb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1tb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1tbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1tbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1xot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1y2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1zkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	1zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2fm5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2pw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2pw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2qyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2qyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2qyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2qyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	2qyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3d3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ecm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ecn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ecn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3frg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3gwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3hmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3hmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3i8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3i8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3iad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3iad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3iad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3iad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3iak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3k4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3kkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3kkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3ly2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3o0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3o56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3o57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3sl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3tvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3tvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3v9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3v9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3v9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3v9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3w5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3w5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3wd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	3wd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4kp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4myq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4nw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4ogb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4ogb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4ogb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4ogb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4pm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4w1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4w1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4w1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4w1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4wcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4wcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4wcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4wcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4wzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4wzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4x0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4x0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	4y2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5k6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5laq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5lbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5lbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5lbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5lbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5ohj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5ohj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5tkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5tkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5tkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5tkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5wqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	5wqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6f8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6fdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.53	pdb	6fdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.54	pdb	4qn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.4.54	pdb	4qn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	2e8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	3u1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	3u1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	3u1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	3u1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4bzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4cc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4cc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4cc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4mz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4mz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4q7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4q7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4q7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4q7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4qg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4rxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4tnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4to6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	4zwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.5	pdb	5ao4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5h8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5i2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5i2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5i2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5i2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5kcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5kcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5kdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5kdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5tp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5tp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5tpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6	pdb	5tpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.2	pdb	1p49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.4	pdb	4fdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.4	pdb	4fdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.4	pdb	4fdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.4	pdb	4fdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.8	pdb	1auk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.8	pdb	1e1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.8	pdb	1e2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.8	pdb	1e33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.8	pdb	1e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.8	pdb	1n2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.8	pdb	1n2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.12	pdb	1fsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.6.13	pdb	5fql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.7.2	pdb	3nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.7.2	pdb	3nr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.7.2	pdb	5vxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.7.2	pdb	5vxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	1y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	1y97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	3a1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	3a1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	3a1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	3ggr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	3ggr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.2	pdb	3ggr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	3kt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.11.7	pdb	4ndi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2cpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	2nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	3saf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	3saf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	3sag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	3sag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	3sah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13	pdb	3sah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2a1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2d5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	2d5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	3ctr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	3ngn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	3ngo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	3ngo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	3ngq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	4gmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	4gmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	4gmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	4gmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	4gmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	4gmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	5dv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	5dv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	6bt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	6bt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.13.4	pdb	6bt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	2xio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	2y1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	2y1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4reb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4reb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4reb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4reb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4reb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ri9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ria	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ric	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4rid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21	pdb	4ry3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.21.1	pdb	4awn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	2mc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	2zix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	2zix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.22	pdb	4p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	1wdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	2l5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	2l5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	2l5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3j9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3o7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3qir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3qir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3qir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	3qir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4g8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4g8k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4g8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4g8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4g8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4g8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4nsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4oau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4oau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4oav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4oav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4oav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	4oav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5ool	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26	pdb	5oom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3lud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3lud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3lud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3lug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3lug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3lug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3luk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3qx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3qx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3qx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3qx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3qx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	3qx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4f3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4f3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4ola	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4olb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4olb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4w5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	4z4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5js1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5js1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5js2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5js2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5ki6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5ki6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5t7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5t7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5wea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	5wea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	6cbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	6cbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.n2	pdb	6cbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	2eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	2eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	2eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	2khx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	2na2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4ngg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4nha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4wyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4wyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4wyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4wyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4wyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	4wyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5b16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5b16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5b16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.3	pdb	5zam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	2qkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3p56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3p56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3p56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3p56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3p56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3p56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.4	pdb	3puf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.5	pdb	4rou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.5	pdb	4rou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.5	pdb	4xgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.5	pdb	4xgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.5	pdb	6cwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.5	pdb	6cwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.11	pdb	3zwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.26.11	pdb	3zwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1a4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1a4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1a4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1a4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1ang	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1awz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1b1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1b1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1b1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1dyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1dyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1h0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1h0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1h0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1h1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1h52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1h53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1hby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1k58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1k59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1k5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1k5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1qmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1rnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	1rnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2ang	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2hky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2i7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2i7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2kb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2lvz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2rnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	2rnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4a2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4a2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4a2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4a2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4ahn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4aoh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4b36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4b36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4owz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4owz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4oxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4oxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4oxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	4oxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5epz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5eqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5m9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27	pdb	5v8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.1	pdb	3t0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1dza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1dza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1e21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1gqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1h8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1h8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1hi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1hi3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1hi4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1hi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1k2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1un5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1z7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1z7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1z7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	1z7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2bex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2bex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2bex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2bex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2bzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2c01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2c02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2c05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2e0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2k11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2q4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2q4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2q4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	2q4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	3f8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	3f8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	4kxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	4kxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	4kxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	4kxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	4x09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.27.5	pdb	5e13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1a93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1a93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1mv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1mv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	1nkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	2a93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	2a93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	2or9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	2or9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	2or9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	2or9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	2or9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	4a1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	4y7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	4y7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5i4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5i4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5i50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5i50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5i50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5i50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.30	pdb	5t5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.1.31.1	pdb	3bdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	1o86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	1o8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	1uze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	1uzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2c6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2c6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2c6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2c6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2iul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2iux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2oc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2qly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2qmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2xy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2xyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2xyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	2ydm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	3bkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	3bkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	3l3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	3nxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	3nxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4aph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4aph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4apj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4bxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4bxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4bzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4bzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4bzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4c2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4c2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4c2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4c2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4c2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ca5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ca6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ca6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ufa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ufa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ufb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ufb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ufb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	4ufb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5am9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5ama	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5ama	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5ama	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5ama	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5amb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5amb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5amb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5amb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5amc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	5amc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6en6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6f9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6f9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6f9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6f9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6f9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1	pdb	6f9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1b2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1c8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1cpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1hny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1jxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1jxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1kb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1kbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1kbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1kgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1kgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1kgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1mfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1mfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1nm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1q4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1smd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1u2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1u33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1xv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	1z32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	2cpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	2qmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	2qv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3bai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3baj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3bak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3baw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3bax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3bay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3blk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3blp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3cpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3dhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3ij7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3ij8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3ij9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3old	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3ole	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3olg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	3oli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	4gqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	4gqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	4w93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	4x9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5emy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5kez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5kez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5td4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5u3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5va9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5va9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5va9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.1	pdb	5va9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.10	pdb	3lpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1guv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1hki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1hkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1hkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1hkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1lg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1lg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1lq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1waw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1waw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1wb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	1wb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	2ybu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3fxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3fxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3fxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3fxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3fy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3fy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	3rme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	4wjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	4wk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	4wka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	4wkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	4wkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	5hbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	5hbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	5nr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	5nra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.14	pdb	5nrf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	133l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	134l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1b7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1bb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1bb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1bb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1bb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1bb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1bb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1c43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1c45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1c46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1c7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1cj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1cj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1cj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1cj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ckc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ckd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ckf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ckg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ckg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ckh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1d6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1d6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1di3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1di4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1di5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1eq4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1eq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1eqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ge0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ge1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ge2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ge3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ge4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1gfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1hnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1i1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1i20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1i22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1i22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1i22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1i22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1inu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ioc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ip7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ix0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1iy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1jka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1jkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1jkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1jkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1jsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1jwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1laa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1loz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1lzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1op9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1op9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1oua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1oub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ouc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1oud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1oue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ouf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1oug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ouh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1oui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ouj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1qsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1qsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1qsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1qsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1re2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1rem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1rex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1rey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1rez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1tby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1tcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1tdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1ubz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1w08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1wqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1wqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1wqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1wqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1wqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1wqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1yam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1yan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1yao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1yap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	1yaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	207l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	208l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2bqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2hea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2heb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2hec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2hed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2hee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2hef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2lhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2mea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2mea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2meb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2mec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2mec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2med	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2mee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2mef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2meg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2meh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2mei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2nwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2qb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2zij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2zik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2zil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	2zwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	3eba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	3eba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	3fe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	3lhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	3ln2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	3ln2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4gbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4gbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4i0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4i0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4i0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4i0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4ml7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4ml7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4ml7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4ml7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4phu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	4r0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5b2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5lsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5lvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5lvk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5tzr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.17	pdb	5tzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	1snt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	1so7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	1vcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	1vcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	2f29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	4nc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	4ncs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	5swq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	5swq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.18	pdb	5swq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3ctt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3l4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3l4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3l4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3l4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3l4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3l4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3l4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3ton	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3ton	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3top	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	3top	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	5kzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	5kzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	5nn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	5nn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	5nn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	5nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.20	pdb	5nn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.21	pdb	2e9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.21	pdb	2e9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.21	pdb	2jfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.21	pdb	2zox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.21	pdb	3vkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	1r46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	1r46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	1r47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	1r47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3gxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3gxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3gxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3gxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3gxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3gxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3hg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3lxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3s5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3s5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3s5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3s5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3tv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	3tv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	4nxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.22	pdb	4nxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3thd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.23	pdb	3wf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	1bhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	1bhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	3hn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	3hn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	3hn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	3hn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	5w21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	5w21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.31	pdb	5w21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.35	pdb	2pe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	1ogs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	1ogs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	1y7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	1y7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2f61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2f61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2j25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2j25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2v3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2v3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2v3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2v3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2v3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2v3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2vt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2vt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2wcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2wcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2wkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2wkl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2xwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2xwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2xwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	2xwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3gxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3ke0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3ke0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3keh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3keh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3rik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3rik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3rik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3rik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3ril	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3ril	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3ril	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	3ril	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	5lvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	5lvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	5lvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.45	pdb	5lvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3h53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3h53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3h54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3h54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3h55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3h55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3igu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	3igu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	4do4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	4do4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	4do5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	4do5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	4do6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.49	pdb	4do6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.50	pdb	4xwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1nou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1nou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1now	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1now	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1np0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1o7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1o7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1o7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1o7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1o7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	1o7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	2gk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	3lmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	3lmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.52	pdb	5bro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	3w81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	3w81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	3w82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	3w82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4kgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4kgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4kgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4kgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4kh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4kh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4mj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4mj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4mj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4obr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4obr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.76	pdb	4obs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.113	pdb	1fmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.113	pdb	1fo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.113	pdb	1fo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.113	pdb	1x9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.113	pdb	5kij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.113	pdb	5kk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.113	pdb	5kk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	2foz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	2fp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	2fp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	2g4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	4a0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	4b1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	4b1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	4b1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	4b1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	5a7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.143	pdb	5lhb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5e9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5l9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5l9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5l9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5l9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5la4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.166	pdb	5la7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5m7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5tke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5tke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5uhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5un9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.169	pdb	5vvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.183	pdb	4zht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.183	pdb	4zht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.183	pdb	4zht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.1.183	pdb	4zht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1fn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1fn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1fn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1hu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1hu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1hu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1ko9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1lwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1m3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1m3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1m3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1m3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1m3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1m3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1m3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1n39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1n39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1n39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1n3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1n3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1n3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1tdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1x51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	1yqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2i5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2i5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2i5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2moe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2moe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2moe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2nol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2noz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2oxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2oxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2oxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2xhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2xhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	2xhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3ih7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3ih7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3ih7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3iho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3ktu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3ktu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3ktu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3n5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	3n5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4dk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4dk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4dk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4e9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ea4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ea4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ea4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ea5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ea5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ea5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4lg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4lg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4lg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4nrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4ofh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4p5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	4p5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5chz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5chz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5chz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5chz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5itx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5ity	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5ity	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5ity	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5ity	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5ity	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2	pdb	5ity	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1ck7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1cxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1eak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1gen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1gxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1hov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1j7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1ks0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1qib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	1rtg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	3ayu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.5	pdb	3ayu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1ish	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1ish	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1isj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1ism	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1ism	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1yh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1yh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	1zvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2ef1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2ef1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2hct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2hct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2i65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2i65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2i66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2i66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2i67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2i67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2o3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2pgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2pgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2pgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	2pgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3dzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3f6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3i9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3i9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3i9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3i9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3ofs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3ofs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3ofs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3ofs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3ofs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3ofs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3raj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3raj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3raj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3rok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3rok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3rom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3rom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3rop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3rop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3roq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3roq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3u4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3u4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3u4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	3u4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4cmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4cmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4cmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4f45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4f45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4f46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4f46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4ogw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4tmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4tmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4xjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	4xjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.6	pdb	5f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.19	pdb	3hfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1bnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1bnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1bnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1ewn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1ewn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1ewn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1f4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1f4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1f4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1f6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1f6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	1f6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3qi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3qi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3qi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3qi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3qi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3qi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3uby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3uby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3uby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.21	pdb	3uby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.23	pdb	5an4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1akz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1dpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1dpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1emh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1emh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1emh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1emj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1emj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1emj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1q3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1q3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1q3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1ssp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1ssp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1ssp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1ugh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1ugh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	1yuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	2hxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	2oyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	2oyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	2oyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	2ssp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	2ssp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	2ssp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	3fcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	3fci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	3fck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	3fcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	3fcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	3tkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	4skn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	4skn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	4skn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	5ayr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	5ayr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	5ayr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.27	pdb	5ayr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	1wyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	1wyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	2d07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	2d07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	2rba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	2rba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	2rba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	2rba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3ufj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3ufj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3ufj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3ufj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3ufj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3ufj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	3uob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4fnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4fnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4fnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4jgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4jgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4jgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4xeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4xeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4xeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	4z7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5cys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5cys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5cys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5ff8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5ff8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5ff8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5hf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5hf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5hf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5jxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5jxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5jxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5t2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5t2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.2.2.29	pdb	5t2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	1a7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	1a7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	1li4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3gvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3gvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3gvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3gvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3mtg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3mtg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3nj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3nj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3nj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	3nj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	4pfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	4pfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	4pgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	4pgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	4yvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	4yvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.1.1	pdb	5w4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.3	pdb	1s8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.3	pdb	1vj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.3	pdb	1zd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.3	pdb	1zd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.3	pdb	1zd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.3	pdb	1zd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	1gw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	1h19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	1hs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	1sqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	2r59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	2vj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3b7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3b7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3b7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3b7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3b7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3b7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3cho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3chp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3chq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3chr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3chs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3ftu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3ftv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3ftw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3ftx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3ftz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3ful	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3fun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	3u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	4dpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	4l2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	4mkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	4ms6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	4r7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	4rsy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	4rvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5aen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5bpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5fwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5n3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5ni2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5ni4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5ni4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5ni4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5ni6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5nia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5nid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5nie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5nie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	5nie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	6enb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	6enb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	6enc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.6	pdb	6end	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3ans	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3ans	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3ant	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3ant	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3i1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3i28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3koo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3otq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3pdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	3pdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4x6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4x6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4x6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4x6y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.3.2.10	pdb	4y2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	2ksg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	2ndk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	2ymk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	2ymk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	2ymk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4d18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4f7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4f7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	4wsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5jog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5joh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5ko9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5m5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5yhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5yhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5zhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5zhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4	pdb	5zhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	2yd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3mdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3mdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3mdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3qnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3qnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3qnf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3rjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3se6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	3se6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	4e36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	4e36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	4jbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	4jbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5ab2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5ab2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5ab2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5ab2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5cu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5cu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5j5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5j6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5k1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11	pdb	5k1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	4fyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	4fyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	4fys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	4fys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	4fyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	4fyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	5lhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	5lhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	5lhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	5lhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	6atk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	6atk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	6atk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	6atk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	6atk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.2	pdb	6atk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4p8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4p8q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4pj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4pj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4z7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4z7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4z7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	4z7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	5c97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	5c97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	5mj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.3	pdb	5mj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.7	pdb	4kxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.9	pdb	3ctz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.9	pdb	5x49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.9	pdb	5x49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4bw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.10	pdb	4xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1b59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1b6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1boa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1kq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1kq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1qzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1r58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1r5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1r5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1yw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1yw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	1yw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2adu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2b3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2b3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2b3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2ea2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2ea4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2g6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2ga2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2gz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2nq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2nq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	2oaz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4fli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4flj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4flk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4fll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4hxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4ikr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4iks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4ikt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4iku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4iu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	4u76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5cls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5d6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5d6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5jfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5jhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5ji6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.18	pdb	5lyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.11.21	pdb	4dyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	2iw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	2iw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	2okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	2okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5m4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.9	pdb	5mc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.18	pdb	4ruh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.18	pdb	4ruh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.19	pdb	1itq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.19	pdb	1itq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.19	pdb	1itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.19	pdb	1itu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.20	pdb	3dlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.13.20	pdb	3dlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	1k3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	1k3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	1k3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	2djf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	2djf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	2djf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	2djg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	2djg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	2djg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	3pdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4cdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4oel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4oel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4oem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.1	pdb	4oem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3jyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3n0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3n0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3n0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	3n0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	4ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.2	pdb	4ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	3fvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	3t6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	3t6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	3t6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	3t6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	3t6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	3t6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5e3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5egy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5ehh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.4	pdb	5ehh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1j2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1j2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1n1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1n1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1nu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1nu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1nu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1nu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1nu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1pfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1pfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1rwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1rwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1tk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1tk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1tkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1u8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1u8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1w1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1wcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1wcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1wcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1wcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1x70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	1x70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2ajl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2ajl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2bub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2fjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2fjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2g63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2hha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2hha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2i78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2iit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2iit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2iiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2iiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2jid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2jid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2ogz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2ogz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2ole	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2ole	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2onc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2onc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2onc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2onc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2oqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2p8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2p8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qky	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2qtb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2rgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2rgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	2rip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3bjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3bjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3c43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3c43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3c45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3c45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3ccc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3d4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3d4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3eio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3eio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3f8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3f8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3h0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3h0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3hab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3hac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3hac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3kwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3kwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3kwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3nox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3nox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3o9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3oc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3oc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3opm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3opm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3opm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3opm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3q0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3q0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3q8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3q8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3sx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3vjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3vjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3vjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3vjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3vjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3vjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3w2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3w2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3wqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	3wqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4a5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4a5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4dsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4dsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4dsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4dsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4dtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4dtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4g1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4g1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4g1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4g1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4j3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4j3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4jh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4jh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4kr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4kr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4l72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4l72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4lko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4lko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4n8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4n8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4n8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4n8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4pnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4pnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4pv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4pv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4qzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4qzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4qzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	4qzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5i7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5i7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5ism	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5ism	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5j3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5j3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5kby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5kby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5kby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5kby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	5t4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6b1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6b1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6b1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6b1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eoo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eoq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.5	pdb	6eot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.9	pdb	3edy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.9	pdb	3ee6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.14.9	pdb	3ee6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.2	pdb	3n2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	1ivy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	1ivy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	3bxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4az0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4az0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4az3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4az3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4ci9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4cia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4cib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4mws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4mws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4mwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.16.5	pdb	4mwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2bo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2bo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2bo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2bo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2boa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2boa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2pcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	2pcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	4a94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	4a94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	4a94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	4a94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	4bd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	4bd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	5mrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	5mrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17	pdb	5mrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	2v77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	2v77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	3fju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	3fju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	4uf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	5om9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.1	pdb	5om9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.2	pdb	1kwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.2	pdb	1kwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.2	pdb	1zli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.2	pdb	1zli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.3	pdb	2nsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.4	pdb	4by3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.4	pdb	4c6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.4	pdb	4c6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.4	pdb	4c6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.12	pdb	1uwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.15	pdb	1aye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.15	pdb	1dtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.15	pdb	1dtd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.15	pdb	1o6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3d68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3lms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	3lms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	4p10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.20	pdb	5hvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	1z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	1z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	1z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	1z8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2c6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2c6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2c6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2cij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2jbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2jbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2oot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2or4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2pvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2pvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2xef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2xeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2xei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	2xej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3bhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3bi0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3bi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3bxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3bxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3d7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3d7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3d7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3d7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3fed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3fee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3ff3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3iww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3rbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3sje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3sjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3sjg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	3sjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4jyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4jz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4lqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4mcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4mcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4mcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4mcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ngm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ngn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ngp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ngq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ngr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ngs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ngt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4oc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4oc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4oc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4oc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4oc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4oc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4ome	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4p4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4twe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4twe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4w9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	4x3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	5d29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	5ely	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.21	pdb	5f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.22	pdb	5aq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.22	pdb	5aq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	1r4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	2ajf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	2ajf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	2ajf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	2ajf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3kbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3sci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3sci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3sci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3sci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3scj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3scj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3scj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.17.23	pdb	3scj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.18.1	pdb	1deu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.18.1	pdb	1deu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.18.1	pdb	1ef7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.18.1	pdb	1ef7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2cu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2dce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2xze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2xze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2xze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2xze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2znr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2znv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2znv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2znv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2znv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2znv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	2znv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	3rzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5ixf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5ixf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5l4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19	pdb	5vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	3tkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	3tkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4et0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4et0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4o0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4osx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4osx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4osy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4osy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4pvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4zm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4zm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4zm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.5	pdb	4zm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.9	pdb	1l9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.9	pdb	1l9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.9	pdb	1l9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.9	pdb	1l9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1ixd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1nb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1nb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1nbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1nbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1nbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1nbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1nbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1tff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1uch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1w6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1whb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1whl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1whm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1xd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1xd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1xd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1xd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1yy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1yy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1yzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1yze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1yze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	1yze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2a9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2a9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2aga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ayn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ayn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ayn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ayo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ayo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2dag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2dak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2dos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2etl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2etl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2f1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2f1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2f1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2f1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2f1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2f1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2foj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2foj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2foo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2foo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2fop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2fop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2g43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2g43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2g45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2g45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2g45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2g45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2gfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2gwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2hd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2hd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ibi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ibi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2jri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2jri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2jri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2klz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2kvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2l2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2l80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2lbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2len	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2lva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2muu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2mux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2vhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2xxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2xxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2y6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2ylm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	2zfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3a7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ifw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ifw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ihp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ihp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ihp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ihp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ihr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3irt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3irt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3j8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3kvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3kvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3kw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3kw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3lmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3lmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3mtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3n3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3n3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3nhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3nhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3pfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ppa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3pv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3pv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3rii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3rii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ris	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ris	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ris	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3ris	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3t9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3tmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3v6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3v6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3v6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3v6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3von	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3znv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3znx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3znz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3znz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	3zrh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4a3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4a3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4a3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4boq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4bou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4boz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4boz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4boz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4boz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4boz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dhz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4dm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4fjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4fjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4fjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4fjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4hxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4hxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4hxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4hxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4i6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4i6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4jjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4jjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4jkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4jkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4kg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4kg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ksl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ldt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ldt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ldt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ldt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4m5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4m5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4m5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4mel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4mel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4mm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4mm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4pyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4pyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4rxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4s1z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4uf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4wpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ysi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4ysi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4z96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4z96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4z97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	4z97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5af6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5c6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5c6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5c6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5c6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ctr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ctr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ctr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ctr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5cvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5fwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5gg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5j7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5jtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5k1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5kyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5l8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5l8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5l8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5l8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5l8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5lrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5n9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5n9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5n9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5n9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ngf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5oe7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5oe7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5ohp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5txk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5txk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5uqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5uqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5uqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5uqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5vs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5vs6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5vsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5vsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5vsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5vsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5whc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5whc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5xu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5xu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5xve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5xve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	5z4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.12	pdb	6f5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4gdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4gdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4gg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4gg2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4z9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4z9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4zbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4zbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4zc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4zc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4zcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	4zcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	5v4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.19.13	pdb	5v4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1b0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1bka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1cb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1dsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1eh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1fck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1gvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1h43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1h44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1h45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1hse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1i71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1jfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1kiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1ko6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1ko6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1ko6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1ko6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1l2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1l5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1l5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1lcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1lct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1lfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1lfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1lfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1lo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1mza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1mzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1n76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1sqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1u62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1vfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1vfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1xv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1xv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1ybw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1ybw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1yc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1yc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1z6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	1z6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2bjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2feb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2gmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2gmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2joa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2joa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2oq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2p3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2p3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2p4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2p4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2pms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2pms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2pms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2pms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2pmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2pmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2psx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2psx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2psy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2psy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2q5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2q5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2q5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2q5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2q5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2qtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2qtw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2r0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2r0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2r0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2r0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2r0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2r0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2r0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2w2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2wuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2x36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2x36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2x36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2x36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2x36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2x36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2xtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2xtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2xtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2xtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2xtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2xtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2ytw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2zgc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2zgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2zgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2zgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2zgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2zks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	2zks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3bps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3dem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3dem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3dfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3dfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3e0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3e0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3e16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3e1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3fvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3gym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3k2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3k2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3k2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3k2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3kiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3m0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3m0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3m0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3mmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3num	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3nwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3nwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3nwu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3nzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3nzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3p5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3p5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3p5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3p5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3p5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3p5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3sqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3sqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3sqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3sqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3tk9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	3vfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4aqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4bvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4d8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4djz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4djz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4djz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4djz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4djz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4djz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4gaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4igd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4k8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4kel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4kel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4kga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4kga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4kiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4kkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4kkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ne9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ne9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ne9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ne9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ne9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4nmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4nmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4nmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ov6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ov6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ov6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ov6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ov6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ov6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4owr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4owr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4owr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4q7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4q7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4q7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4q7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4q80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ri0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ri0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	4ri0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5a9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5lpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5lpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5lpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5lpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5m73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5oca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5oca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5oca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5oca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5vlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	5wrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	6bzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21	pdb	6bzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.2	pdb	4h4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.2	pdb	4h4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.2	pdb	4h4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1ezx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1ezx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1ezx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1fxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1h4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1oph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1oph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1trn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	1trn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2r9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2ra3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2ra3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2ra3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	2ra3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3p92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3p92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3p95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	3p95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4u32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	4wxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5c67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5c67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5c67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5c67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5jbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5jbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5jbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.4	pdb	5tp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1a61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1abi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1abi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1abi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1abj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1abj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ad8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ad8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ad8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ae8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ae8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ae8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1afe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1afe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1afe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1aht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1aht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1aht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ai8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ai8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ai8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1aix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1aix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1aix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1awf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1awf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1awf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1awh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1awh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1awh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1awh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ay6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1b5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1b7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1b7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1b7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ba8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ba8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ba8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1bth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1c5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ca8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ca8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ca8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1d9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1de7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1de7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1de7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1de7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1de7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1de7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1doj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1doj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1dx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1e0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eoj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1eol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1fpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1fpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1fpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1fph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1fph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1fph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1fph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1g37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ghy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1gj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1gj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1gj4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1gj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1gj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1gj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1h8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1h8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1h8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1h8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1h8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1h8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1hxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ihs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ihs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ihs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1iht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1iht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1iht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1jwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1k21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1k21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1k21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1k22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1k22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1k22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1kts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1kts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1kts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ktt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1lhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1mue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1no9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1no9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1no9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ny2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1nzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1o5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ook	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1oyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1oyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1oyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1p8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1p8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1p8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ppb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ppb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1qur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1rd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1rd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1rd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1rd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1riw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1shh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1shh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1shh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1shh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1sr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1t4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1t4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1t4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1t4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1t4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1t4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ta2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ta2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ta6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ta6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1thp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1thp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1thr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1thr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1thr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ths	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ths	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ths	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1tq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1twx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1twx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1twx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1uma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1uma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1uma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1uvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1uvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1vr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1vr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1vr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1vzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1vzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1vzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1w7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1w7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1w7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1way	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1way	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1way	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1wbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1xmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ype	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ype	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ype	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1ypm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1z71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1z71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1z8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1z8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1z8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1z8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1zgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1zgi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1zgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1zgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1zrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	1zrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2a45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2ank	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2ank	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2ank	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2anm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2anm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2b5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2b5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2b5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2b5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2b5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bdy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2bxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2c93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2cn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2feq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2feq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2feq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2fes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2fes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2fes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2gde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2gde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2gde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2gp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2gp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2h9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2h9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2h9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2hwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2jh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2od3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2od3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2pw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2r2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2r2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2r2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2thf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2thf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2v3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2v3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2v3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2v3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2v3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2v3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zgb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2ziq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2ziq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2ziq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2znk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2znk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2znk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	2zo3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3b23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3b23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3b23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3b9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3b9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3b9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3biu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3biu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3biu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3biv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3biv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3biv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3bv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3c1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3c1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3c27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3c27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3c27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3d49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3d49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3d49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3da9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3da9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3da9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3dux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3e6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3e6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3ee0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3ee0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3egk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3egk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3egk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3eq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3eq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3eq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3f68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3f68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3f68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3gis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3hkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3jz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3jz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3jz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3jz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3k65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3k65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3ldx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3ldx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3ldx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3nxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3p70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3pmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3pmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3pmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3po1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3po1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3po1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3po1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qlp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qtv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3qx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3r3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3r3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rlw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3rmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3s7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3s7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3s7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3s7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3s7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3s7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3shc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3shc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3shc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3si3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3si3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3si3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3si4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3si4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3si4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3sv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3t5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3t5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3t5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3tu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3tu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3tu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3u9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3utu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3utu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3utu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3uwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3uwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3uwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	3vxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ax9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ax9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ax9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ayv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ayv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ayv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ayy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4az2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4az2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4az2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ban	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ban	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ban	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4bao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4baq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4baq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4baq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4boh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4boh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4boh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4boh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4boh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ch8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dii	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4dy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4e7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4h6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4htc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4hzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4hzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4i7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4i7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4i7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4loy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4loy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4loy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4lz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4mlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4mlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4mlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4nzq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4o03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4rkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4rkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4rko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4rko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4rn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4rn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4thn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4thn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4thn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ud9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ud9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ud9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4udw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4udw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4udw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ue7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ue7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ue7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ueh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ueh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ueh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4uff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4uff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4uff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4ufg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4yes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4yes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	4yes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5a2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5a2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5a2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5af9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5af9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5af9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5afy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5afy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5afy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ahg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ahg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ahg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5cmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5cmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5cmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5do4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5do4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5do4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5e8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5e8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5e8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5e8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5edk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5edm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5ew2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5gds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5gds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5gds	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5gim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5gim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5gim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5gim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5jzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5l6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5l6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5l6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5lce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5lce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5lce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5lpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5lpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5lpd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5mm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5nhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5to3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5to3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5z5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	5z5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6c2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6c2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	6eo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	7kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	7kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	7kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	7kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	8kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	8kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	8kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.5	pdb	8kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1c5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1c5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1ezq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1ezq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1f0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1f0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1f0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1fax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1fax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1fjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1fjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1g2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1g2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1g2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1g2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1hcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1hcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1ioe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1ioe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1iqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1ksn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1ksn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1lqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1mq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1mq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1mq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1mq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1nfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1p0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1v3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1v3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1wu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1wu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1xka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1xka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1xkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1xkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1xkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1xkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1z6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	1z6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2boh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2boh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2bqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2cji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2cji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2d1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2d1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ei6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ei6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ei7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ei7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ei8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ei8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2fzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2fzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2g00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2g00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2gd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2h9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2h9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2h9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2h9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2j95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2jkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2jkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2p95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2phb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2pr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2pr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2q1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2q1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ra0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2ra0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2uwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2uwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2uwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2uwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2uwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2uwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2vwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2w26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2w26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2w3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2w3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2w3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2w3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2wyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2wyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2wyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2wyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2xc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	2y82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3cen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3cen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3cs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3cs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3ens	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3ens	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3ens	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3ens	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3ffg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3ffg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3hpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3iit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3iit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3k9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3k9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3k9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3k9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3kqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3liw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3liw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3m36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3m36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3m37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3m37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3q3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3q3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3sw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3sw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3tk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3tk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3tk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	3tk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4a7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4a7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4bti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4bti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4bti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4bti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4btu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y7a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4y7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4zh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4zh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4zha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	4zha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	5k0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.6	pdb	5k0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1b2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1bml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1bui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1bui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1bui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1cea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1cea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1ceb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1ddj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1ddj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1ddj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1ddj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1hpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1hpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1i5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1i5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1i5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1i5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1ki0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1krn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1l4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1l4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1l4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1l4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1pk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1pkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1pmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1pmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1qrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1qrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1qrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1qrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	1rjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2doh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2doh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2doi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2doi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2doi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2doi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2knf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2l0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	2pk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	3uir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	3uir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	3uir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	3uir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	4a5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	4cik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	4dur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	4dur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	4duu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	5hpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	5hpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	5ugd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.7	pdb	5ugg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.9	pdb	4dgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.9	pdb	4dgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.9	pdb	4dgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.9	pdb	4dgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.20	pdb	1au8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.20	pdb	1cgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.20	pdb	1kyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.20	pdb	1kyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.20	pdb	1t32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1bf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1cvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1cvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1dva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1f7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1f7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1fak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1fak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1fak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1fak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1ff7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1ffm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1j9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1j9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1j9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1jbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1jbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1jbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1kli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1kli	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1klj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1klj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1o5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1o5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1o5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1qfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1qfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1w8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wtg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wtg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wtg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1wv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1ygc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1ygc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1z6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1z6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	1z6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2aei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2aei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2aei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2aer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2aer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2aer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2b7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2b7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2b7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2b8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2b8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2b8o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2bz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2bz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2c4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2ec9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2ec9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2ec9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2ec9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2f9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2f9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2f9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2fir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2fir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2fir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2flb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2flb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2flb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2flr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2flr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2flr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2puq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2puq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2puq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2puq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	2zzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3ela	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3ela	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3ela	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	3th4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ibl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ibl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ibl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ish	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ish	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4isi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4isi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4jzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4na9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4na9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ng9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ng9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4nga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4nga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4x8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ylq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ylq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4ylq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4yt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4yt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4yt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4yt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4z6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4z6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4z6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4zma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4zma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4zma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4zxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4zxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4zxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	4zxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5i46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5i46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5l2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5l2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5l2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5l2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5l30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5l30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pa8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pa8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pa9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5par	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5par	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5paw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5pb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5tqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5tqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5tqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5tqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5tqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5tqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5u6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.21	pdb	5u6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1cfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1cfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1edm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1edm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1ixa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1mgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1nl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1nl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1nl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1rfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	1rfn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	2wpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3kcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3kcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3kcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3lc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3lc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3lc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3lc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3lc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	3lc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	4yzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	4yzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	4z0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	4z0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	4zae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	4zae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5egm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5egm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5jbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5tno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5tno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5tnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5tnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5vyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5vyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.22	pdb	5vyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.26	pdb	1z68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.26	pdb	1z68	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.26	pdb	3ddu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xx9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1xxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zhp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1zsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1ztj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1ztk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	1ztl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	2f83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	2fda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	2j8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	2j8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	2j8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	2j8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	3bg8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	3sor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	3sos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4cr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4cr9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4cra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4crb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4crc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4crd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4cre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4crf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4crg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4d76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4d7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4d7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4na7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4na8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4ty6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4ty6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4ty7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4wxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4x6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4x6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4x6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4x6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4x6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4x6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4y8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4y8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	4y8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5e2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5e2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5eod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5eod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5eok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5eok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5exl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5exm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5exn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5i25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5i25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5q0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5q0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5q0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5q0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5q0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5q0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5qck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5qcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5qcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5qcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5tks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5tkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5tku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	5wb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	6aod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	6aod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	6aod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.27	pdb	6c0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	2anw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	2any	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	4ogy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5f8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5f8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5f8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5f8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5f8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5f8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5tjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.34	pdb	5tz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.35	pdb	1spj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.35	pdb	4nfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.35	pdb	4nff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.36	pdb	2d26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.36	pdb	2d26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.36	pdb	2d26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1b0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1h1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1h1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1hne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1ppf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1ppf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1ppg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	1ppg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	2rg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	2z7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	2z7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	3q76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	3q76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	3q77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	4nzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	4nzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	4wvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	4wvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a0a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5a8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.37	pdb	5abw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	4bdw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	4bdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	4xde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	4xe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	6b74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	6b74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	6b77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.38	pdb	6b77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	1klt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	1nn6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	1pjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	1pjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	1t31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	2hvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	3n7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	3s0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4afz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4ag1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4ag1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4ag2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4ag2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4ag2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4ag2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4k2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4k5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4k60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4k69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	4kp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	5yjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.39	pdb	5yjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	1apq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	1gpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	1gpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	1md7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	1md8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	2qy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	2qy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	2qy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	2qy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.41	pdb	6f39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	1elv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	1nzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	1nzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4j1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4j1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4los	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	4lot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	5ubm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	5ubm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.42	pdb	5ubm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.43	pdb	1hzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.43	pdb	2i6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.43	pdb	2i6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.43	pdb	2odp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.43	pdb	2odq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.43	pdb	3erb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	2xrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	2xrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	2xrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	2xrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.45	pdb	5o32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1bio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1dfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1dfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1dic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1dsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1dsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	1hfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	2xw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	2xwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	2xwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4cbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4cbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4cbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4cbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4d9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4d9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4d9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4d9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4d9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	4d9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5fbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5fbi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5fck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5mt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5mt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5nar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5nat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5nb6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5nb7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5nba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.46	pdb	5tcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	1dle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	1dle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	1q0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	1rrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	1rs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	1rtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2ok5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2win	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	2xwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5fo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5fo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5fo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.47	pdb	5m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1a0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1lto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1lto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1lto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	1lto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2bm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2bm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2bm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2bm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2f9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2fxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2gdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2gdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2gdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2gdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2za5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2za5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2za5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2za5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	2zec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	3v7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	3v7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	3v7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	3v7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4a6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4a6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4a6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4a6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	4mqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	5f03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	5f03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	5wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	5wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	5wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.59	pdb	5wi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1bda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1bda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1pk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1pml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1rtf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1rtf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1tpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1tpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1tpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1tpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1tpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	1tpn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	5brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.68	pdb	5brr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	1aut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	1aut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	1lqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	1lqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	1lqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	1lqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	3f6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	3f6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	3jtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	3jtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	3jtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.69	pdb	3jtc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1c5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1ejn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1f5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1f5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1f92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gi8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gi9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1gjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1kdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1lmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1lmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1lmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1lmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1o5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1owd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1owe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1owh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1owi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1owj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1owk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1sc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1sqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1sqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1sqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1u6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1urk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1vj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1vja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1w0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1w10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1w11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1w12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1w13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	1w14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2fd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2fd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2fd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2fd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2nwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2nwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2o8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2o8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2o8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2r2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vio	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2viq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2viv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2viw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	2vnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3bt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3ig6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3ig6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3ig6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3ig6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3kgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3khv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3kid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3m61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3m61	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3mwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3ox7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3ox7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3oy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3oy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3oy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3oy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3pb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3pb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3qn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3qn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3u73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	3u73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4dva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4dw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4dw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4dw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fu7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fuf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4fuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4gly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4gly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4h42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4jk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4jk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4jk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4jk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4jni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4jnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4mny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4os7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4x1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4xsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	4zks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	5hgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	5hgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	5hgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	5hgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.73	pdb	5xg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4omd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4ryd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	4z2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5jxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	5mim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	6eqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	6eqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	6eqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	6eqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	6eqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.75	pdb	6eqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	2zcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.77	pdb	3qum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.78	pdb	1op8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.78	pdb	1op8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.78	pdb	1op8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.78	pdb	1op8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.78	pdb	1op8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.78	pdb	1op8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.78	pdb	1orf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.79	pdb	1fq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.79	pdb	1fq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.79	pdb	1iau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.79	pdb	1iau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.92	pdb	1tg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.92	pdb	1tg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.92	pdb	1tg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.92	pdb	1tg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.92	pdb	1tg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.92	pdb	1tg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.92	pdb	1tg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	1q3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	1q3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	1szb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	1szb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	1zjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	3tvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	3tvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	3tvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	4fxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.104	pdb	5jpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1o5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1o5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1p57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1z8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	1z8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	3t2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	3t2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	3t2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	3t2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	3t2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	3t2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.106	pdb	5ce1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	1lcy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	2pzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	2pzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	5fht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	5m3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	5m3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	5tny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	5tnz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	5to0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.108	pdb	5to1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	1eaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	1eaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	1eaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	1eaw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	1eax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	2gv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	2gv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3bn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3bn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3bn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3bn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3bn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3bn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3ncl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3nps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3nps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3nps	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3p8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3p8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3p8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3so3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3so3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	3so3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4is5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4isl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4isl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4isn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4isn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4iso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4jyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4jz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4jzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4o97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4o97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4o9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4o9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4r0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	4r0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	5lyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	5lyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.109	pdb	5lyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	2qxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	2qxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	2qxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	2qxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	2qxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	3bsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	3bsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	3bsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	5fah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	5y9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.117	pdb	5yjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.118	pdb	5ms3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.118	pdb	5ms4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.118	pdb	5ms4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.118	pdb	5ms4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.21.118	pdb	5ms4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	1tgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	1tgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	1th0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	1th0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	1xt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	1xt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	1ziv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2bkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2bkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2bkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2bkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2bkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2bkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2ckg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2ckg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2ckh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2ckh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2cy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2d1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2d1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2g4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2g4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2g4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2g4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2g7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2g7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2io3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2iyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2p82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2p82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2p82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2p82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2qfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2xph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2xph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2xre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2xre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2z0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2z0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2z0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2z0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2zzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	2zzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3bfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3bfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3bfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3bfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3eay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3ebq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3k0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3uoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3v4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3v4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	3v55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	4i1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	4i1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	4i1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	4i1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	4i1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22	pdb	5lxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1csb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1csb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1csb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1csb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1gmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1gmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1gmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1huc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1huc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1huc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1huc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	1pbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	2ipp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	2ipp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	2pbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3ai8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3ai8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3cbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3cbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3cbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3cbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3k9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3k9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3k9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3k9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	3pbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	5mbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	5mbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	5mbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	5mbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	5mbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	5mbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	6ay2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.1	pdb	6ay2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1cjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1cs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1icf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	1mhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2xu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2xu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2xu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2xu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2xu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2xu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2xu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2yj2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2yj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2yj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2yjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	2yjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3bc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3bc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3h8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3hwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3iv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3iv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3k24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3kse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3of8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	3of9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	4axl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	4axm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	4axm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	4axm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	4axm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	4axm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	4axm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	5f02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	5i4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	5i4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	5mae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	5maj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	5mqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	6ezp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	6ezx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	6ezx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	6f06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.15	pdb	6f06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	1glo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	1ms6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	1npz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	1npz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	1nqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2c0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2f1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2f1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2fq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2fq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2fra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2fra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2frq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2frq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2ft2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2ft2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2fud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2fud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2fye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2g6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2g7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2g7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2h7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2h7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2hh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2hh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2hhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2hhn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2hxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2hxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2hxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2op3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2op3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2r9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2r9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2r9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2r9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	2r9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3iej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3iej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3n3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3n3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3n4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3n4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3ovx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	3ovx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	4p6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	4p6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	4p6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	4p6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	4p6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	4p6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.27	pdb	5qcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4aw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4aw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4awa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4awa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4awb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4awb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4awb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4awb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4fgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4fgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4n6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4n6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4n6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	4n6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.34	pdb	5lub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1bmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1bmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1ice	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1rwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1sc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1sc1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1sc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1sc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1sc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	1sc4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2fqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2fqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2h54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	2hbz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3d6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3e4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3e4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3ns7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	3ns7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5fna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5mmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5mmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5mtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	5mtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	6f6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.36	pdb	6f6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1atk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1au0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1au2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1au3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1au4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1ayu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1ayv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1ayw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1bgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1by8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1mem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1nl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1nl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1nlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1nlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1q6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1snk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1tu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1tu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1u9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1u9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1u9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1vsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1yk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1yk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	1yt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	2ato	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	2aux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	2auz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	2bdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	2r6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3c9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3h7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3h7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3kw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3kwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3kwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3kwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3kx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3o0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3o1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	3ovz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4dmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4dmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4dmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4n79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4n8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4x6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4x6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4x6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4yv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4yv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	4yva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	5j94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	5ja7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	5ja7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	5jh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	5tdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	5tun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	7pck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	7pck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	7pck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.38	pdb	7pck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.40	pdb	1cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.40	pdb	1cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.40	pdb	1cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.40	pdb	2cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.40	pdb	2cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.41	pdb	1m6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.41	pdb	1m6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	1fh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	1fh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3h6s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3kfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3kfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3kfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.43	pdb	3kfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.52	pdb	1zcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.52	pdb	2ary	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.52	pdb	2ary	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	1kfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	1kfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	1kfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	1kfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	2nqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	2nqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	2nqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.53	pdb	2nqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	4okh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	4okh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	4okh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bdt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.54	pdb	6bkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	1pyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	1pyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	1pyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	1pyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	1pyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	1pyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	2p2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3r7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3rjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3rjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3rjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3rjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3rjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.55	pdb	3rjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1cp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1cp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1cp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1cp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1gfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1gfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1i3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1nme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1nme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1nmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1nmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1nms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1nms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1pau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1pau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1pau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1qx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1re1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1re1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	1rhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2c2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2cno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2dko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2dko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2dko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2h65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2j33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2xzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2y0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2y0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2y0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2y0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2y0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	2y0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3deh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3deh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3deh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3deh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3dek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3edq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3gjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3h0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3h0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3itn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3itn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3kjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3kjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3pcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3pcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3pd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3pd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3pd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	3pd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4dcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4eha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4eha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4eha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4eha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ehn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4jr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4pry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4pry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ps0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ps0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ps0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4ps0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qtx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qtx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4que	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4que	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4que	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4que	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4que	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4que	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4quh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4quh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4quh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4quh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4quh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4quj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4quj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	4qul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5i9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5i9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5i9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5i9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5i9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iae	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5iar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ias	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ias	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ibr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	5ic4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bfo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.56	pdb	6bha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	2wdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	2wdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	2wdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	2wdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3k7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3k7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3k7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3k7e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3nkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3nkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3nkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3nkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3nr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3od5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3od5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3od5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3od5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3p4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3qnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3s8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	3v6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4ejf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4fxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4fxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4fxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4fxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4hva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4hva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4hva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4hva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4iyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4iyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n6g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4n7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4nbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4nbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4nbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4nbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4nbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.59	pdb	4nbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1f1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1f1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1f1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1f1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1gqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1i51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1k86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1k86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1k88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1k88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1shj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1shj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1shl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	1shl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	2qlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3edr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3h1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3ibf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3r5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	3r5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4fdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4fdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4fea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4fea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4hq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4hq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4hqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4lsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4lsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4lsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4lsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4lsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4lsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	4zvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5ic6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5ic6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5ic6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5ic6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5ic6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5ic6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5k20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5k20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5k20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5k20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5v6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5v6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5v6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.60	pdb	5v6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1f9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	1qtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2c2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2c2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2c2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2k7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	2y1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	3h11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	3h11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	3h11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	3kjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	3kjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	3kjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	3kjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4jj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4jj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4prz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4prz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4ps1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4zbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	4zbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5h31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5h31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5h31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5h31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5h33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5h33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.61	pdb	5l08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	1jxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	1jxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	1jxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	1jxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	1jxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	1jxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	2ar9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	2ar9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	2ar9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	2ar9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3v3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3ygs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	3ygs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	4rhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	4rhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	4rhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	4rhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	4rhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	4rhw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5juy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.22.62	pdb	5wve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	2kr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	2mro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	2mro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	2mws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	2mws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	2n7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	4rgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	4rgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	4uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	4uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	4uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	4uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	4uis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5a63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5a63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5a63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5a63	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5fn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23	pdb	5k57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.1	pdb	1flh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.1	pdb	1psn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.1	pdb	1pso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.1	pdb	1pso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.1	pdb	1qrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.1	pdb	3utl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.3	pdb	1avf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.3	pdb	1avf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.3	pdb	1avf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.3	pdb	1avf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.3	pdb	1htr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.3	pdb	1htr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	1lyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4obz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4obz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4obz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4obz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4oc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4oc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4od9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4od9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4od9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.5	pdb	4od9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1bbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1bbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1bil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1bil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1bim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1bim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1hrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1hrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	1rne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2bks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2bkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2fs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2fs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2g27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2i4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2i4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2iko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2iko	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2iku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2iku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2il2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2il2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2ren	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2v16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	2x0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3d91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3d91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3gw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3gw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3k1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3k1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3km4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3km4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3o9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3o9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3o9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3o9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3oqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3own	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3own	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3q3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3q3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3q4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3q4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3q5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3q5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3sfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3sfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vyd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vye	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	3vyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4amt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gja	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gjb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4gjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4pyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4pyv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4q1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4q1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4ryc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4ryc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4ryg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4ryg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4rz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4rz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4s1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4s1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4xx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4xx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4xx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	4xx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5koq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5koq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5kos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5kos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5kot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5kot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5sz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5t4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5t4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5tmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5tmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5tmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5tmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5v8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5v8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5vpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5vpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5vrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.15	pdb	5vrp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.34	pdb	1tzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.34	pdb	1tzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.34	pdb	1tzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	2ewy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	2ewy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	2ewy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	2ewy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zlq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zlq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zlq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	3zlq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bel	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.45	pdb	4bfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1fkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1fkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1fkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1fkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1m4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1m4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1m4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1m4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1py1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1sgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1sgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1sgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1sgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1tqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ujj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ujj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ujj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ujk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ujk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ujk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ujk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1w50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1w51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1xs7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	1ym4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2b8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2b8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2f3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2f3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2f3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2f3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2fdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2g94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2g94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2g94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2g94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2hiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2hiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2hiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2hm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2iqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2irz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2is0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ntr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2oah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2of0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2oht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ohu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2p8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ph6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ph8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2q11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2q11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2q11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2q15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qzk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2qzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2va5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2va6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2va7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vie	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2viy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2viz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2vnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2wez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2wf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2wf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2wf2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2wf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2wf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2wjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2xfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2xfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2xfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2ze1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zhr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zhu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zhv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	2zjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3bra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3buf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3bug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3buh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3cib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3cib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3cic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3cic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3cid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3cid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ckp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ckp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ckp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ckr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ckr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ckr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3duy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3duy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3duy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3dv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3exo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3fkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3h0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3h0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3h0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3hvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3hw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3hw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3hw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3i25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3i25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3i25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3igb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3in3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3in4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ind	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ine	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3inf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3inh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ivh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ivi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ivi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ivi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ixj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ixj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ixj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ixk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ixk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ixk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3k5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3kyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3l5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lhg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3lpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3msj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3msj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3msj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3msk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3msl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3n4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3n4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3n4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3nsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3nsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3nsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ohf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ohf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ohh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ohh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ooz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3pi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3pi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3pi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3qbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3qbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3qbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3qi1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3r1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3r1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3r1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3r2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3r2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3r2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3r2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3rsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3rsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3rth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3rtm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3rtn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ru1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3rvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3s2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3s7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3s7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3skf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3skf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3skg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3skg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3skg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3skg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3tpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3tpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3tpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3tpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3tpp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3tpr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3u6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3u6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3u6a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3udy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3ufl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3uqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3veu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3vf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3vg1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3vv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3vv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3vv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3wb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3wb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3zmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	3zov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4acu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4acx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4azy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4b78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4bek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4bfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d89	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4d8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dh6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4di2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4di2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4di2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4djy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4dvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ewo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4exg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fm7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4frj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4frk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4frs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4frs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4fsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4gid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4gid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4gid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4gid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4gmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4h3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ha5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ha5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4hzt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4i1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ivs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ivt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4j1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4joo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4jp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4jpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4jpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4k8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4k8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4k8s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4k9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4k9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4k9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ke0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ke0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ke0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ke1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4l7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4l7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4l7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4lxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4n00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4pzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4pzx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4r95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4rcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4rce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4rcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4rrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4rro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4rrs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4try	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4try	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4try	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4try	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4try	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4try	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4trz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4wtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4wy1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4wy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4x2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4x7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4x7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4xkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4xxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ybi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4ybi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	4zsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5clm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5dqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5dqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5dqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5enk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5enm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5ezx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5ezz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5f00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5f01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5he4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5he4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5he5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5he5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5he7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5he7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5htz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5htz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hu0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5i3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5i3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5i3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5i3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5ie1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5kqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5kr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5mxd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5t1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5t1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5tol	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5uyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5v0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5v0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5v0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	5ygy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6bfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6c2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6ej2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.23.46	pdb	6ej3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1eub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1fls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1fm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1pex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1r54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1r55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1rm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1xuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1xuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1xud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1xud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1xur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1xur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1you	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1you	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1ztq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1ztq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1ztq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	1ztq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2d1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2d1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2e2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2e2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2jih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2jih	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2jsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2lna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ow9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ow9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2ozr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2pjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2qz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2rjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2v4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2v4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2yig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	2yig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3b8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3b8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3edi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3elm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3elm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3hy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3hy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3hy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3hy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3hyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3hyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3i7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3i7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3i7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3i7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3kry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3ljt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3ljz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3ljz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3ljz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3ljz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3o2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3o2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3o2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3o2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3q2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3q2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3q2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3q2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3tvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3wv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3wv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3wv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3wv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3wv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3zxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	3zxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	456c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	456c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4a7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4a7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4dd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4dd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4dd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4dd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4fvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4g0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4jp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4jp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4jpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4jpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4l19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4l19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4l3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4nge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4rpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	4rpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5b5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5b5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5b5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5b5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5bot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5bot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5boy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5boy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5bpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5bpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	5uwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	830c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24	pdb	830c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1ayk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1cge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1cgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1cgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1cgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1cgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1hfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1su3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	1su3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2ayk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2clt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2clt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2j0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	2tcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	3ayk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	3shi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	3shi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	3shi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4auo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	4ayk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.7	pdb	966c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	1dmt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	1r1h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	1r1i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	1r1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	1y8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	2qpj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	2yb9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	4cth	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	5jmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.11	pdb	5jmy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.15	pdb	1s4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.15	pdb	2o36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5luz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5luz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5luz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5luz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5luz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5luz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5lv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5lv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5lv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.16	pdb	5lv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1b3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1b3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1b8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1biw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1biw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1bm6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1bqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1bqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1c8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1c8t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1caq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1ciz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1cqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1cqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1d8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1g05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1g05	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1g49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1g49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1g4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1g4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1g4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1hfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1hy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1hy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1oo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1oo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1qic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1slm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1sln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1uea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1uea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1uea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1uea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1ums	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1umt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	1usn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	2d1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	2d1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	2jnp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	2jt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	2jt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	2srt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	2usn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	3ohl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	3oho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	3usn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	4dpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	4dpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	4g9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	4g9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	4ja1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.17	pdb	4ja1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.19	pdb	3edg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.19	pdb	3edh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	1q3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	1q3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	1q3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	3v96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	3v96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	4ilw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	4ilw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	4ilw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.22	pdb	4ilw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	1mmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	1mmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	1mmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	1mmr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	2ddy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	2mze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	2mzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	2mzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	2y6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	2y6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	5ue2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.23	pdb	5ue5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1a85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1a86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1bzs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1i73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1i73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1i76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jaq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1jj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1kbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1kbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1mmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1mnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1zp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1zs0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	1zvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	2oy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	2oy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	2oy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	2oy2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	2oy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	2oy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	3dng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	3dng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	3dpe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	3dpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	3dpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	3tt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	4qkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.34	pdb	5h8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	1gkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	1gkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	1gkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	1gkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	1itv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	1itv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	1l6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ovx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ovx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ovz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ovz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ow0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ow0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ow1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ow1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ow2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	2ow2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4h82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4hma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4hma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4jqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4wzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4wzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	4xct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5cuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5cuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5i12	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5ue3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5ue3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5ue4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	5ue4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.35	pdb	6esm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2g56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2jbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2jbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2jbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2jbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2jg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2jg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2wk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2ypu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	2ypu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3cww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3cww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3cww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3cww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3h44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3h44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3h44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3h44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3hgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3hgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3hgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3hgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3n57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3ofi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3ofi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3ofi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3ofi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3qz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	3qz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4dtt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4dtt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4dwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4dwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4gs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4gs8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4gsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4gsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4gsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4gsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4ifh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4ifh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4iof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4iof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4iof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4iof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4iof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4iof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4lte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4lte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4lte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4lte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4m1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4nxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4nxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4pfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4qia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4qia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4ral	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4ral	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4ral	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4ral	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4re9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	4re9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5cjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5cjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5cjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5uoe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	5wob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6b7z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.56	pdb	6bfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.63	pdb	4gwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.63	pdb	4gwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.63	pdb	4gwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1jiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1jiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1jk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1os9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1rmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1ros	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1ros	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1utt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1utz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1utz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1y93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1ycm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	1z3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2hu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2jxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2k2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2k9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2krj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2mlr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2mls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2n8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2n8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2n8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2n8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2oxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2oxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2oxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2oxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2oxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2oxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2poj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2w0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2w0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2w0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2w0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2wo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2woa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2woa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2woa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2woa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	2z2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3ba0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3ehx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3ehy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3f15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3f16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3f17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3f18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3f19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3f1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3lik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3lil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3lir	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3ljg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3lk8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3lka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3n2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3n2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3nx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3rts	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3rtt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3ts4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3tsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3uvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	3uvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4efs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4gql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4gr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4gr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4gr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4guy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4h84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4i03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	4ijo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5cxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5czm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5d2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5d3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5i4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5l79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5l7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5l7f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5lab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5n5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	5n5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6ekn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6ela	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6ela	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6ela	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6ela	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6enm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6enm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.65	pdb	6eox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.69	pdb	3zus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.69	pdb	3zus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.69	pdb	3zus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.69	pdb	3zus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.71	pdb	3dwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	1bqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	1bqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	1buv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	1buv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	2mqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	2mqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	2mqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	2mqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	3c7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	3ma2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	3ma2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	3ma2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	3ma2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4p3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4qxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4qxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	4qxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	5h0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.80	pdb	5h0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.81	pdb	6bdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.81	pdb	6bdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.81	pdb	6bdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.81	pdb	6be6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.81	pdb	6be6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.81	pdb	6be6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.81	pdb	6be6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	2rjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	2rjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	2rjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	2rjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	3b2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	4wk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	4wke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.82	pdb	4wki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	2ypt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	4aw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	4aw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	4aw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	4aw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.84	pdb	5syt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	1bkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	1bkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	1bkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	1bkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	1zxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	1zxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2a8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2a8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2ddf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2ddf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2fv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2fv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2fv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2i47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2i47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2i47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2i47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2m2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	2oi0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3b92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3cki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3cki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3e8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3e8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3edz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3edz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3ewj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3ewj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3kmc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3kme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3l0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3l0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3le9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3le9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3lea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3lea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3lgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3lgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3o64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.86	pdb	3o64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.87	pdb	3ghm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.87	pdb	3ghn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.24.87	pdb	3vn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25	pdb	2a8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	4r67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5a0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5dsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5gjq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5le5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5ley	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5lf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5m32	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	5t0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.4.25.1	pdb	6avo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	1j8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	1j8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	1j8f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2b4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2b4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2b4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2b4y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2eee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2l8r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2lgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2nyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	2nyr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3glr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3glr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3gls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3gls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3gls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3gls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3gls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3gls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3glt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3glt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3glu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3glu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3k35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3k35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3k35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3k35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3k35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3k35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3pkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3rig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3rig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3rig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3rig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3riy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3zg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3zg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3zgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3zgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3zgo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3zgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	3zgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4bvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4c78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4c78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4c7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4c7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4f56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4fvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4fvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4fz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4fz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4g1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4g1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4g1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4g1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4hd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4hd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4hda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4hda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4hda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4i5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4i5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4if6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4if6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4ig9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4iqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4iqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4j5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4j5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4j5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4j5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4j5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4j5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4j5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4jsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4jt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4jt9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4kxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4kxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4o8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4r8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4r8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4r8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4r8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4rmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4rmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4rmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4rmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4rmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4rmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4rmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4v1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4x3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4x3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4x3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4x3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4y6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4zzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4zzi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4zzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	4zzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5btr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5btr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5btr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5btr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5btr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5btr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5bwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5bwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5bwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5bwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5bwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5bwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5d7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5dy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5dy5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5fyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5fyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5fyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5fyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5g4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5h4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5h4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5h4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5h4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mfz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5mgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5xhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5y4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5y4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5y5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	5ytk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	6eqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	6eqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	6eqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1	pdb	6eqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3a6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3czd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3unw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3unw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3unw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3unw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3uo9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3voy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3voz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3vp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3vp1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3vp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3vp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	3vp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	4bqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	4bqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	4o7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5d3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5d3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5fi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5hl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5hl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5hl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5hl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5i94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5i94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5i94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5i94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5jyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5u0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5uqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5uqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5uqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5uqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5uqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5wj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5wj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5wj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.2	pdb	5wj6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.14	pdb	1q7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.14	pdb	1q7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.14	pdb	1q7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.14	pdb	1q7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2i3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2i3c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2o4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2o4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2o53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2o53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2q51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	2q51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4mri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4mri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4mxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4mxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4nfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4nfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4tnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.15	pdb	4tnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.23	pdb	4wgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.23	pdb	4wgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.26	pdb	1apz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.52	pdb	2ccq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.52	pdb	2cm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.92	pdb	4cyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.92	pdb	4cyf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.92	pdb	4cyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.92	pdb	4cyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.92	pdb	4cyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1t64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1t64	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1t67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1t69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1vkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1vkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1w22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	1w22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2h8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2h8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2h8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2h8n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2o94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2o94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2o94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2o94	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2v5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2v5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2v5x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	2vqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c10	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3c5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ew8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ewf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ezp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ezp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ezt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3ezt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3f0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3gv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3gv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3max	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3max	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3max	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3mz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3mz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3mz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3mz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3mz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3mz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3phd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3rqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3rqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3rqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3rqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3sff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3sfh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3uxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3uxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3uzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3v31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3v31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3znr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3znr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3znr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3zns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3zns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	3zns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4a69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4a69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4a69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4a69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4bkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4bkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4cbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4cbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4cbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4cby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4cby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4cby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4cby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4lxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4lxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4lxz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4ly1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4qa7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4rn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4rn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4rn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4rn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4rn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	4rn2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5a2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5a2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5b8d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5bwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5bwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5d1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5dc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5fcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5fcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5icn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5iwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5iwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5iwg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5ix0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5ix0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5ix0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5kh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5kh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5kh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5ths	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5ths	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5tht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5thu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5thu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5thv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5thv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5vi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5vi6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5wbn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	5wpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	6ce6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	6ce8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	6cea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	6cec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	6ced	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	6cee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.98	pdb	6cef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.122	pdb	3c9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.122	pdb	3c9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.1.122	pdb	4w79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.2	pdb	2gse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.2	pdb	2gse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.2	pdb	2gse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.2	pdb	2gse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.2	pdb	2vr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.2.3	pdb	4c6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1pq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1pq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1pq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1pq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1pq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1pq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1wva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1wva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1wvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	1wvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2aeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2aeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2pha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2pha	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2pho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2pho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2pll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2pll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2zav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	2zav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3dj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3dj8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3e6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3e6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3e6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3e6v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3f80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3f80	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3gmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3gmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3gn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3gn0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3kv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3kv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3lp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3lp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3lp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3lp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3mfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3mfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3mfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3mfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3mjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3mjl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3sjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3sjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3skk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3skk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3tf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3tf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3th7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3th7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3the	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3the	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3thh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3thh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3thj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	3thj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4fci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4fci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4fck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4fck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4gwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4hww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4hww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4hxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4hxq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4hze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4hze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4hze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4i06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4i06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4i06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ie3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ixu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ixu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ixu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ixv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ixv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.1	pdb	4ixv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	1wd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	1wd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	1wda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	2dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	2dew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	2dex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	2dex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	2dey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	2dey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	2dw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	3apm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	3apn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	3b1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	3b1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4dat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4dat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4dau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4dau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4dkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4dkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n26	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4n2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4x8c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	4x8g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	5hp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	5hp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	5n0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	5n0y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	5n0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.15	pdb	5n1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	2jai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	2jai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	2jaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	2jaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	3i2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	3i2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	3p8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	3p8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	3p8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.3.18	pdb	3p8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2jyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2kbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2kem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2m65	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2nbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2nyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2nyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2nyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	2nyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3dh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3dh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3dh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3dh1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3e1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3iqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3ir2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3ir2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3v4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3v4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3v4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3v4k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3vm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3vm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3vow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3vow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3wus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	3wus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4iou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4iou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4iou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4iou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4rov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4rov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4row	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4xxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	4xxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5cqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5cqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5cqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5cqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5cqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5hx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5hx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5hx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5hx5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5keg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5keg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5sxh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5td5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5td5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5tkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5tkm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	5w2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6b0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4	pdb	6bbo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.3	pdb	2uz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.3	pdb	3e0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.3	pdb	3e0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.3	pdb	4aql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.4	pdb	3iar	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.4	pdb	3lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.4	pdb	3lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.4	pdb	3lgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.4	pdb	3lgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.5	pdb	1mq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.5	pdb	1mq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.6	pdb	4no3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.6	pdb	4no3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.6	pdb	4no3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.6	pdb	4no5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.6	pdb	4no5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.6	pdb	4no5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.12	pdb	2w4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.12	pdb	2w4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.12	pdb	2w4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.12	pdb	2w4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.12	pdb	2w4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.12	pdb	2w4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.16	pdb	1fb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.16	pdb	1fb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.16	pdb	1fb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.16	pdb	1fb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.16	pdb	1fb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1qbj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1qgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1xmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1zy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	1zy7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2acj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2acj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2acj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2acj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2acj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2acj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2gxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2gxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2gxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2gxb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2l54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	2mdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	3irr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5ed2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.4.37	pdb	5hp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.99.6	pdb	1ne7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.99.6	pdb	1ne7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.99.6	pdb	1ne7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.99.6	pdb	1ne7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.99.6	pdb	1ne7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.5.99.6	pdb	1ne7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6	pdb	4dsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6	pdb	4dso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6	pdb	4dst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6	pdb	4dsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6	pdb	5gox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6	pdb	5gox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2e29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2epb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2f9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2f9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2fe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2ffq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2pl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2rb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2rb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2yqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	2yrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3ber	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3bor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3dkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3fxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3h95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3iuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3iuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3ly5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3ly5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3mcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	3mcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	4ojk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	4ojk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	4ojk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	4ojk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	5lf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	5ltu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	5ltu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	5t3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	5t3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1	pdb	5t3p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	1hjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	3dai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	3vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	3vhs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qsv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4qut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4quu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4quu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tt4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tte	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tyl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	4tz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5a83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5epb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5f36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5f3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.3	pdb	5lj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	1s18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	1s18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	1s1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	1s1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	2h2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	2h2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	2h2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.6	pdb	2h2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.7	pdb	2k7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.7	pdb	2k7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.7	pdb	2vh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.7	pdb	2w4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.7	pdb	2w4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.7	pdb	3toq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2car	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2car	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2i5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	2j4e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	4f95	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5bon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5lpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.9	pdb	5lpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	1q33	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	1qvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	2dsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3ac9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3ac9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3aca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3aca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3bm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3bm4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3l85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	3l85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	5nqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	5nqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	5nwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.13	pdb	5nwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.15	pdb	2i3b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	1xsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	1xsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	1xsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2pme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2pmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2q5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2q5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2zt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2zt6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2zt7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2zt8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	2zxf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	3u53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	3u53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	3u53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	3u53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4ijx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4ijx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4kqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4kr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4kr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4kr3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4qei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	4qei	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	5e6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	5e6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	5e6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.17	pdb	5e6m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	1q5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	1q5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	1q5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	1q5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	1q5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	1q5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	2hqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	2hqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	2hqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ara	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ara	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ara	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3arn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3arn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3arn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	3ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	4mz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	4mz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	4mz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	4mz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	4mz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	4mz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.23	pdb	5h4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.28	pdb	3bhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.28	pdb	3bhd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.28	pdb	3tvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.28	pdb	3tvl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	1fhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	1fit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	2fhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	2fit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	3fit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	4fit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	4lqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	4lr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	5fit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.29	pdb	6fit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.45	pdb	3q91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.45	pdb	3q91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.45	pdb	3q91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.45	pdb	3q91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.52	pdb	2fvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.52	pdb	2q9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	1iry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3q93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3q93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3whw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3whw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3zr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3zr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3zr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	3zr1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	4c9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	4c9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	4n1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	4n1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	4n1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ans	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ant	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ant	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ant	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5anu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5anv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5anw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5fsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5fsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5fsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5fsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5fsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5fso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5gho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5gho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ghq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ngr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ngr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ngs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ngs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ngt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5nhy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ws7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	5ws7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f20	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.55	pdb	6f23	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.58	pdb	3gg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.58	pdb	4hvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1st0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1st0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1st4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1st4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1xml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1xml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1xmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1xmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1xmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	1xmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	3bl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	3bl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	3bl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	3bl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	3bla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	3bla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qde	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	4qeb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	5osy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.59	pdb	5osy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.62	pdb	2xsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.62	pdb	3cou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.62	pdb	3mgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.62	pdb	3mgm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.1.62	pdb	5mp0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.8	pdb	2kne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.8	pdb	2kne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.19	pdb	3gd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.19	pdb	3gd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.19	pdb	3gd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.19	pdb	3gd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.43	pdb	3zdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.44	pdb	6c0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.44	pdb	6fn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.44	pdb	6fn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.44	pdb	6fn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.44	pdb	6fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.44	pdb	6fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.44	pdb	6fn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	1xmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	1xmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	1xmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	1xmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	1xmi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	1xmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	2la6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	2lcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	2lob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	2lob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	2pzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	2pzf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	4fdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	4fdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	4fq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	4fq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	4wz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5d3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tf7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tf8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tfa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tff	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5tgk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5uak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5uak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5w3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5xrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5xsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	5yvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	6bzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.49	pdb	6bzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5aqz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.51	pdb	5ar0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1aw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1kvi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1kvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1q8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1s6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1s6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1y3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1y3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1yjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1yjt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1yju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	1yjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2arf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2aw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2ew9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2g9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2ga7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2k1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2k1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2kij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2kmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2kmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2koy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2lqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2n7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	2rop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	3cjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	3cjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	4qot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	4qot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	5t7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.3.54	pdb	5t7l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1jeq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1jeq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1jey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1jey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1jey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1jey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1jjr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1q2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1rw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1z1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	1z1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2dat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2gjk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2gk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2gk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2gk7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2grc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2h60	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2iyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2iyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2wjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2wjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2wjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2wjv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	2wjy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	3d8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	3d8b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	3uvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	4cvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	4qy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	4qy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	4qy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5dkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5dkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5dkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5dkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5dkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5dkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5ea1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5ea1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5ea1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5j1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5j1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5j1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5j1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5j1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5j1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5y3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5y3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5y3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5y3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5y3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	5y3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4	pdb	6ej5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.1	pdb	4byf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.1	pdb	4byf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.1	pdb	4byf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.1	pdb	4byf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3eab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	3vfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.3	pdb	6b5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.4	pdb	2ieh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.4	pdb	2ieh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.4	pdb	3k5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.4	pdb	3k5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	1wr0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	1xwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	1yxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2cpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2jq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2jq9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2jqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2jqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2jqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2k3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	2k3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3ebb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3hu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3qq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3qq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3qq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3qwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3qwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3tiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3tiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3tiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	3tiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4ko8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4ko8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4kod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4u7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	4u7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5c1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5dyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5epp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5epp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ftn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5glf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ifs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ifs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ifs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ifs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ifw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5ifw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5kiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5kiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5kiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5kiw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5kiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5kiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5x4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5x4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5x4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.6	pdb	5x4l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3inw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3inx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3iuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3iuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	3ldp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	4awo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	4awo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	4awp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	4awp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	4awq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	4awq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5e86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5evz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5evz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5ex5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5ex5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5exw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5exw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5ey4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5f1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5f1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5f2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	5f2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	6asy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.10	pdb	6asy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1bby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1f3u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1mm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1mm3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	1msz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2axl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2b2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2bby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2c9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2c9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2c9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2cka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2ckc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2cqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2dgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2dl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2e1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2e1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2ee1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2fbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2fbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2fbx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2fby	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2fc0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2jm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2klq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2kmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2kv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2l5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2l75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2l75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2lbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2lbm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2ld1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2le8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2le8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2lrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2mh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2n16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2n21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2n21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2n39	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2n5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2rrd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2v0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2v0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2v1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2v1x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2wwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2xsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2xsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2xsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2xsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2xsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	2xsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3aaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3aaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3aaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3aaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3q90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3q90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3ql9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qlc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3qln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3uk6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3we2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3we2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3we3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	3we3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4b3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4b3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4b3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4b3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4b3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4b4c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4bk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4bk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4cdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4cdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4cdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4cdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4cgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4cgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4cgz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4ern	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4fcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4fcj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4fcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4fcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4fcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4fcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4iia	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4nw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4o3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4o3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4o3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4o42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4o42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4o9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4u7d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4w5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4w5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4w5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4w5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4w5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	4w5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5afw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5afw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5bo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5c3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5fhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5fhh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5fw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5fw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5fw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ivw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ja4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ja4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ja4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5ja4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5jno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5jno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lb8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5lup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5m1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5m1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5m1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5m1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5mk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5mk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5mk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5mk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5n7r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5oaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5oaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5oaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5oaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5oaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5oaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5of4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	5y6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6etx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6fo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6fo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6fo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6fo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6fo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6fo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.12	pdb	6fo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1t5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1t6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1t6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1vec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1vec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1xti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1xtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	1xtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2eqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2g9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2g9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hxy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2hyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2i4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2j0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2jgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2jgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2jgn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2lwd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2lwe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2m3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2oxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2oxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2p6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2p6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2q0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2qfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2rmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2rqa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2rqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2w4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2wax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2wax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2wax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2wax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2way	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2way	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2way	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2way	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2xb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2ykg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2ykg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2ykg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2zu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2zu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2zu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2zu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2zu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	2zu6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3al3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3al3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3b6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3b7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3b7g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3eiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3eiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3eiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3emw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3emw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3eqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3eqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3eqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3eqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ews	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ews	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ex7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3f2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3f2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3f2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3f2o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fe2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fhc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fhc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fmo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3fmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ga3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3jcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3llm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3llm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3lrr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ncu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ncu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ncu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3ncu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3og8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3og8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3og8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3og8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3rc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3rc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3rc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3vyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3zd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3zd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3zd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3zd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3zd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	3zd7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4a4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ay2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ay2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4bpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4bpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4bpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4bxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4c9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4c9b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4crw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4crw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ct4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ct4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ct4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ct4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ct5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4ct5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4day	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4day	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4day	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4drb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4e45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4f91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4f92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4f93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4gl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4gl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4gl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4gl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4gl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4gl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4kit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4kit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4m6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4nqk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4o2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4on9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4on9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4p4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4pj3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4px9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4px9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4px9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	4pxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5anr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5anr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5anr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5e7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5f9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5gvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5gvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5gvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5gvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5gvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5h1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5h1y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5jiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5jiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5jiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5jiu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5mqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5urj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5urk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5urm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5urm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xdr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	5xjc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	6f9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.4.13	pdb	6f9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	1dg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	1f5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	2b8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	2b8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	2b92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	2b92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	2bc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	2d4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	2d4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3q5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3q5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3qnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3qof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3qof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3qof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3qof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3sop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	3sop	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4ido	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4ido	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	4idq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5gnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5gns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5gnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5gnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5go4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5goe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5gof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5gom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5gom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5kso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5ksp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5ksp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5ksy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5ksz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5kty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5ku1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5kut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5kut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5kut	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5uqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5uqw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5vgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5vgr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5yew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5yew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	5yew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5	pdb	6b9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	2xns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	2xns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	2xns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	2xns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3onw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3onw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3onw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3onw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qe0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.1	pdb	3qi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	1ryf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	1ryf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	1ryh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	1ryh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2atx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2atx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2bmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2bme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2bme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2bme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2bme	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2c5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2dpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2dpx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2ee4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2ee5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2j1l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2quz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	2x1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3ddc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3ddc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3mjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3mjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3mjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3mjh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3msx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	3msx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4cym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4d0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4d0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4dxa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4epr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4ept	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4epv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4epw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4epx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4epy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4gzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4gzl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4gzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4gzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4l9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4l9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4nmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4obe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4obe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4pzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4pzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4pzz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4q01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4q01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4q02	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4q03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4ql3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4xvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	4xvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	5wdo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	5wdp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.2	pdb	5wdq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	1dyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	1dyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	2dyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	2dyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	2x2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	2x2e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	2x2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	2x2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3l43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3l43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3l43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3l43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3snh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3w6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3w6n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3w6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3w6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3w6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3w6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	3zys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4bej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4h1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4h1v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	4uuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	5a3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	5a3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	5a3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	5a3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	5d3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.5	pdb	5d3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.6	pdb	3cb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.6.5.6	pdb	3cb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.7.1.3	pdb	2hzp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.7.1.3	pdb	3e9k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.8.1	pdb	2wm8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.9.1.3	pdb	2ai6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.9.1.3	pdb	2hw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.9.1.3	pdb	2nmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.9.1.3	pdb	2nmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.9.1.3	pdb	2nmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.9.1.3	pdb	2ozw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.9.1.3	pdb	2ozx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4mhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4mhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	3.10.1.1	pdb	4miv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	2ygw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	2ygw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.9	pdb	4f0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.15	pdb	2okj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.15	pdb	2okj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.15	pdb	2okk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.15	pdb	3vp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.15	pdb	3vp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	1d7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	1d7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	2on3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	2on3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	2oo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	2oo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	4zgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	4zgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	5bwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.17	pdb	5bwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.21	pdb	2h31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.22	pdb	4e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.22	pdb	4e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.22	pdb	4e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.22	pdb	4e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.22	pdb	4e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.22	pdb	4e1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2jgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2jgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2qcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2v30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	2v30	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3bgg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3bgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3bgj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3bk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3bk0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3bvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3bvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3dbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3dbp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3eww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ewz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3ex6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3l0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3l0k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3l0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3mi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3mi2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3mo7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3mw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	3mw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	4hib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	4hib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	4hkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.23	pdb	4hkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.28	pdb	3rbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.28	pdb	3rbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.28	pdb	3rbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.28	pdb	3rbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.28	pdb	3rch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.28	pdb	3rch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.29	pdb	2jis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.29	pdb	2jis	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	1khb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	1khe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	1khf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	1khg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	1m51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	1nhx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	2gmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.32	pdb	2gmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.33	pdb	3d4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.33	pdb	3d4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	2b69	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4gll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4gll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4lk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4lk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4lk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4lk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4lk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4lk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.35	pdb	4m55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.36	pdb	1qzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.36	pdb	1qzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.36	pdb	1qzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.36	pdb	1qzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1jph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1jpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1jpk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1r3q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1r3r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1r3s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1r3t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1r3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1r3w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1r3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	1uro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	2q6z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	2q71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	3gvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	3gvr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	3gvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	3gvw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	3gw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.37	pdb	3gw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	2wm1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4igm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4igm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4igm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4igm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4igm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4igm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ign	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ign	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ign	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ign	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ign	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ign	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ih3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ih3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ih3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ih3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ih3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ih3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ofc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ofc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ofc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ofc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ofc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.45	pdb	4ofc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i79	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1i7m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1jen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1jen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1jen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1jen	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1jl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1jl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1msv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	1msv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3dz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3ep9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3epa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3epa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3epb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3epb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3h0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3h0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3h0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.50	pdb	3h0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	1dpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	1dpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	1dpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	3kan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	3kan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	3kan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	4q3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	4q3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.1.84	pdb	4q3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1ald	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1qo5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	1xfb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	2ald	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	4ald	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	5ky6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	5ky6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	5ky6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.13	pdb	5ky6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.27	pdb	4q6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.2.27	pdb	4q6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	2cw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	2cw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	2cw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	2cw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	2cw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	2cw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.4	pdb	3mp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.16	pdb	3s5n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.16	pdb	3s5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.1.3.25	pdb	5vxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1	pdb	1s9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	12ca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1a42	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1am6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1avn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1azm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bcd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bnq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1bzm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ca3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1caj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cak	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1can	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1caz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ccs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cct	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ccu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cnb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cnw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cnx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1crm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cvf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1cvh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1czm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1dca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1dcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1eou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1f2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fql	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fqn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1fsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g46	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g48	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g4j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1g54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1h4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1h9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1h9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1hca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1hcb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1hea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1heb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1hec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1hed	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1hug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1huh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1hva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i9l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1i9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1if4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1if5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1if6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1if7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1if8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1if9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1j9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1j9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1jd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1jd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1jv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1jv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1kwq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1kwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1lg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1lg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1lgd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1lug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1lzv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1moo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1mua	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1okl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1okm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1okn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1oq5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ray	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1raz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1rza	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1rzb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1rzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1rzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1rze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1tbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1te3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1teq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1teu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1tg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1tg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1th9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1thk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ttm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1uga	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ugb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ugc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ugd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1uge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ugf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ugg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1xeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1xev	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1xpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1xq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1yda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ydb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ydc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ydd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1yo0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1yo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1yo2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1z93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1z97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1z9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1ze8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zfq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zgf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1znc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1znc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	1zsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2abe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2aw1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2ax2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2cab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2cba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2cbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2cbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2cbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2cbe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2eu2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2eu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2ez7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2f14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fmg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2foq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2foy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2foy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2fw4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2gd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2geh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2h15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2h4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hfw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2hoc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2ili	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2it4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2it4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nmx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nnv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nxr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nxs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2nxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2o4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2osf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2osm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2pou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2pov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2pow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2q1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2q1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2q38	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2qo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2qoa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2qp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2vva	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2vvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2w2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2wd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2wd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2weg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2weh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2wej	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2weo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2x7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2x7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	2x7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3b4f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3bet	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3bl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3bl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3c7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3caj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3cyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3czv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3czv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3d0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3d0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3d8w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3d92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3d93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3d9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3da2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3da2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3daz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dcs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dd8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dvb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3dvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3efi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3eft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f7b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3f8e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3fe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3fe4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ffp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3fw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3fw3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3gz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3hfp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3hkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3hkq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3hkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3hku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3hlj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3hs4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3iai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3iai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3iai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3iai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ibi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ibl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ibn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ibu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ieo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3igp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3k2f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3k34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3k7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3kig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3kkx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3kne	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3koi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3kok	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3kon	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ks3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3kwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3l14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3lxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3lxe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m14	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m2z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m67	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m96	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3m98	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mdz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mhc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mhl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mhm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ml2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ml5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mnu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3myq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3mzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3n0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3n2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3n3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3n4b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3nb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ni5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3nj9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3oik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3oil	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3oim	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3oku	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3okv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3oy0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3oyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3oys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p44	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p4v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p55	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3p5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3pjj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3po6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3pyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3qyk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3r16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3r17	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rge	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rj7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rld	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ryj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ryv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ryx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ryy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3ryz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3rz8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s77	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3s9t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3sap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3sax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3sbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3sbi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3t5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3t5z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3t82	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3t83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3t84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3t85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3tmj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3tvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3tvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3u3a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3u45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3u47	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3u7c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3uyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3uyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v2j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v3i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v3j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3v7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3vbd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3w6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3w6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3w6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3w6i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	3zp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4bcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4bf1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4bf6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4cac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4cq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4dz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4dz9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4e3d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4e3f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4e3g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4e3h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4e49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4e4a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4e5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4fik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4fl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4fpt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4frc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4fu5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4fvn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4fvo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4g0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4gl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4hba	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4hew	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4hey	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4hez	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4hf3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ht0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ht2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ht2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ht2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ht2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4hu1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4idr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ilx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ito	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4itp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4iwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4js6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4jsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4jss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4jsw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4jsz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4k0s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4k0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4k0z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4k13	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4k1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4knj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4knm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4knm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kuv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kuy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4kv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4l5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4l5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4l5w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4lhi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4lp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4lp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4lu3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4m2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4m2u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4m2v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4m2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4mdg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4mdl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4mdm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4mlt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4mlx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4mo8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4mty	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4n0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4n16	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4pq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4pxx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4pyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4pyy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4pzh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q06	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q08	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q09	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q0l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q6d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q6e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q7v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q81	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q83	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q8x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q8y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4q9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qef	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qiy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qk1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qk3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qsa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qsb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qtl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4qy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4r59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4r5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4r5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4rfc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4rfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4rh2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4riu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4riv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4rn4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4rux	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ruy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ruz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4wl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4wr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4wr7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4wup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4wup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4wuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4wuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ww6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ww8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ww8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ww8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ww8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4xe1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4y0j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ygj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ygk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ygl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ygn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4yvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4ywp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4yx4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4yxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4yxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4yxu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4yyt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4z0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4z1e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4z1j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4z1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4z1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4zao	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4zwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4zwx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4zwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4zwz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4zx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	4zx1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5a6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5amd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5amg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5aml	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5bnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5bru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5brv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5brw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5byi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5c8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5cac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5cjf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5clu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5doh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5doh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5drs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dso	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5dvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e2m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5e2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5eh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5eh7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5eh8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ehe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ehv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ehw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5eij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ekh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ekj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ekm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5eoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fdi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fl6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5flo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5flp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5flq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5flr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5flt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fnh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fni	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fnk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fnl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5fnm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5g01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5g03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5g0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5g0c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5gmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5gmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5gmn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ipz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ipz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ipz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ipz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5j8z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jdv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5je7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jeg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jeh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jep	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jes	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jg5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jgt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jmz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jn9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jna	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jq0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5jqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ku6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ku6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ku6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ku6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l3o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5l9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ljq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ljt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ll9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lle	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5llp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lmd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5lvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5m78	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5mjn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5msb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5n0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5n0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5n1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5n1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5n24	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5n25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nea	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nee	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nxg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nxp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nxv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nxw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ny1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ny6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5nya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5o07	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5sz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5t71	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5t72	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5t74	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5t75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5tfx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5th4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5thi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5thj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5thn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ti0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5txy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ty1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ty8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5ty9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5tya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5u0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5u0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5u0f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5u0g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5uln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5umc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5vgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5wex	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5wg7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5wgp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5y2r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	5y2s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6b00	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6b4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6bbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6bc9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6bcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6c7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6c7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6ceh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	6equ	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	7ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	8ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.1	pdb	9ca2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.2	pdb	3e04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.2	pdb	3e04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.2	pdb	3e04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.2	pdb	3e04	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.2	pdb	5d6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.2	pdb	5upp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.2	pdb	5upp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.3	pdb	2b3x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.3	pdb	2b3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.3	pdb	2b3y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	1te6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	1te6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2akm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2akm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2akz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2akz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2psn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2psn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2psn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2psn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2xsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	2xsx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3b97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3b97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3b97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3b97	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ucc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ucc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ucd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ucd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3uje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3uje	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ujf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ujf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ujr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ujr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ujs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	3ujs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	4za0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	4za0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	4zcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	4zcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5eu9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5idz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5idz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5jlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5jlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5jlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5jlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5jlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5jlz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5lax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5lax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5lax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5lax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5lax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5lax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5td9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5td9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5tij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.11	pdb	5tij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.17	pdb	2hw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.17	pdb	2hw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.17	pdb	2hw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.17	pdb	2hw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.17	pdb	2hw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.17	pdb	2hw5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	1hzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	1hzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	1hzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	1hzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	1hzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	1hzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.18	pdb	2zqr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1jbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1jbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1jbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1jbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1jbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1jbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	1m54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4coo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4coo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l0d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l28	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4l3v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4pcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4pcu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4uuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	4uuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	5mms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	5mms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	5mms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	5mms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	5mms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.22	pdb	5mms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	1e51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	1e51	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	1pv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	1pv8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	5hms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	5hms	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	5hnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.24	pdb	5hnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	1t2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	1t2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	1t2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	1t2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.47	pdb	5in5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.75	pdb	1jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.75	pdb	1jr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.96	pdb	4c45	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.109	pdb	4m6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.109	pdb	4m6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.109	pdb	4m6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.1.109	pdb	4m6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.3.12	pdb	3i2b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	1wh9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	2do1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	2kqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	2kqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	2kqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	2kqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	2kuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4ug0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	4v6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5a2q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5aj0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5e50	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5flx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5lks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5oa3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5t2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5vyc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	5w7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6ek0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.2.99.18	pdb	6fec	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.1	pdb	2rkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.1	pdb	2rkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.1	pdb	2rkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.1	pdb	2rkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.1	pdb	2rkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.1.17	pdb	1p5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.1.17	pdb	4h27	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.1	pdb	1aos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.1	pdb	1aos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.1	pdb	1k62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.1	pdb	1k62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2j91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2j91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2j91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2j91	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2vd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2vd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2vd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	2vd6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4ffx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4ffx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4ffx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4ffx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.2	pdb	4flc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.8	pdb	3jub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.8	pdb	3juc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.8	pdb	3jud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2i5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2i5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2pn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2pn7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2q53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2q53	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2rbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	2rbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	3cry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.3.2.9	pdb	3cry	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	2nmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	2nmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	2nmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	2nmp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3cog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3cog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3cog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3cog	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3elp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3elp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3elp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	3elp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5eig	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.1	pdb	5tt2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1bh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1bh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1bh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1bh5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1fro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1fro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1fro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1fro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1qin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1qin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1qip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1qip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1qip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	1qip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3vw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3vw9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3w0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3w0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3w0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3w0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3w0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.5	pdb	3w0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.13	pdb	2cqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.13	pdb	2kxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.13	pdb	2kxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.13	pdb	2rra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.13	pdb	2rra	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.13	pdb	2rrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.16	pdb	3gzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.16	pdb	3gzc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.16	pdb	3gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.16	pdb	3gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.16	pdb	3gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.16	pdb	3gzd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2pno	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2uuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	2uui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	3b29	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	3hkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	3leo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	3pcv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	4bpm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	4j7t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	4j7y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	4jc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	4jcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	4jrz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	4wab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.4.1.20	pdb	5hv9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4clf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4clk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4cll	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4clp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4cls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4clt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4clu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4clw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4cly	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4clz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4cm0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4cm2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oyb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oyp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oyw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oyz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4oz3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4ust	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4usu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4usv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	4usw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	5d0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	5iv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.1	pdb	5iv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	2wz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	2wz1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	3uvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	3uvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	3uvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	3uvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	4ni2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.6.1.2	pdb	4ni2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	1hrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	1hrk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2hrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2hrc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2hre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2hre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2hre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2hre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2pnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2pnj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2po5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2po5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2po7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2po7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	2qd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3aqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3aqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hco	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hcp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3hcr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3w1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	3w1w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4f4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4f4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4kla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4kla	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4klc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4klc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4klr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4klr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4kmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4kmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4mk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	4.99.1.1	pdb	4mk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5	pdb	4a35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.1.18	pdb	3l6b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.1.18	pdb	3l6r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.1.18	pdb	5x2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.1.18	pdb	5x2l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3ovp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3ovp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3ovq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3ovq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3ovr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3ovr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3qc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.1	pdb	3qc3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1ek5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1ek6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1ek6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1hzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1hzj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.2	pdb	1i3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.3	pdb	1snz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.3	pdb	1snz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.3	pdb	1so0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.3	pdb	1so0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.3	pdb	1so0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.3.3	pdb	1so0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.99.1	pdb	3rmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.99.1	pdb	3rmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.99.1	pdb	3rmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.1.99.1	pdb	3rmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1a7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1a7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1ak4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1ak4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1ak4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1ak4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1aws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1aws	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1awv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1b6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1bck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1bkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1bl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1bl4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1c9h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cwo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1cyn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d7h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d7i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1d7j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1eq3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1eym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1eym	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1f40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1f8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1f8a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fgl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fjd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fki	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fks	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1fkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1i6c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1i8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1i8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1j4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1j4i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1j4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1j4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1j4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1kt0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1m9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1mik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1mik	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1mzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1mzw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1n1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1n1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1nmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1nmk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1nmv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1nmw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1nsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1nsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1oca	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1p5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1p5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1p5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1pbk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1pin	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1q1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qoi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qpf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1qz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1rmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1rmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1rmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1rmh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1vbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1vbs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1vbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1vbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1vbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1vbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1w8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1w8m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1w8v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1xwn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1xyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1ynd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1ynd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zcn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zkc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zkf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	1zmf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2a2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2a2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2a2n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2alf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2awg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2bit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2biu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2cpl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2cqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2cyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2d9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2dg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2dg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2dg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2esl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2f21	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2f2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2fke	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2g62	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2gw2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2he9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2he9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2hv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2itk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ixm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2k7n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2kbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2kcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2kfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2kyx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2lb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2lb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2m8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2m8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2m9e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2m9f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2m9i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2m9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2mf9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2mph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ms4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ms4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2mzu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2n0t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2n1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2n1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2nd5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2oju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2oju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2oju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2oju	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ok3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2pbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2pbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2pbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2pbc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ppn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ppo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ppp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2q5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2q5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2r99	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rma	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rmb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rse	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ruc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2ruq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2rur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2wfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2wfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2wfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x25	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x2d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2x7k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xp3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xp4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xp5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xp6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xp7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xp8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xp9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xpa	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2xpb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2z6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2z6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2z6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2z6w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2zqs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2zqt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2zqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2zqv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2zr4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2zr5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	2zr6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3b7x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3cyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3cys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3cys	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ey6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ich	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ici	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ik8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ik8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ikd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ikd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ikg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ikg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3jyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3jyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3k0m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3k0n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3k0o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3k0p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3k0q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3k0r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kab	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kaf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kah	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kai	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3kce	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3lpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3lpy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3mdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3mdf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ntp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3o5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3odl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3oob	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3qyu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3r49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3r4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3r54	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3r56	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3r57	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3r59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rcf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rcg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rci	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rck	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rcl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rda	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3rdd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3tc5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3tcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3tdb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3uch	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ui4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ui5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3ui6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	3wh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4cyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dh0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dip	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4dro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4drq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4fap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4gwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4gwv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4ipx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4ipz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4ipz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4iq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4iq2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4iqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4iqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4j58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4j59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4j5a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4j5b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4j5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4j5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4j5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4jfi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4jfj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4jfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4jfl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4jfm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4lac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4lac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4lac	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4lav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4lav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4law	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4law	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4lax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4lay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4msp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4msp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n1m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n1o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n1p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n1q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n1r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4n1s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4nnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4nnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4ny3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4o8h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4o8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4odp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4odp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4odq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4odq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4odr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4odr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4qib	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4r0x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4r3e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tw6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tw8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tx0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4tyo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4u84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4u85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4u86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4w9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4w9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4w9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4w9p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4w9q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4xnc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yug	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yuj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yuk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yum	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4yup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4zsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	4zsd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5a0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5a0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5a0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5a0e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5bxj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5cbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5cbu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5cbv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5cbw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ccn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ccq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ccr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ccs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5cyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5d75	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5dit	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5diu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5div	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5f66	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5gpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5gpg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5gph	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5hkg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kul	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kun	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kuq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kur	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kus	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kuu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kuv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kuw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kuz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5kv7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5l1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5lud	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5njx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5njx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5noq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5nor	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5nos	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5not	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5nou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5nov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5now	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5nox	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5noy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5noz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5o9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5obk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5omp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5t9z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5ta4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tal	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tan	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tap	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tas	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tau	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tav	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tax	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tay	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5taz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5tb4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5uy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5uy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5vti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5vtj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5vtk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	5wc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.2.1.8	pdb	6bta	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1hti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1hti	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1klu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1wyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	1wyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2iam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2iam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2iam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2iam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2iam	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2ian	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2jk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2jk2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2vom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2vom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2vom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	2vom	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4br1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4br1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4e41	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4poc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4poc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4pod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4pod	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4unk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4unk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4unl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4unl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4zvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	4zvj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	6c2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	6c2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	6c2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	6c2g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	6d43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.1	pdb	6d43	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1iat	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1iri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1iri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1iri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1iri	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1jlh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.9	pdb	1nuh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.23	pdb	4ldq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.23	pdb	4ldq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.23	pdb	4ldr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.1.23	pdb	4ldr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1ca7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1ca7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1ca7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1cgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1cgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1cgq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1gif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1ljt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1ljt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1ljt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1mif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1mif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1mif	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1p1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1p1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	1p1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2ooh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2ooh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2ooh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2oow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2oow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2oow	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2ooz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2ooz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	2ooz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3b9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3b9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3b9s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ce4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ce4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ce4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3djh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3djh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3djh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3dji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3dji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3dji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3dji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3dji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3dji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3hof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3hof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3hof	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ijg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ijg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ijg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ijj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ijj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3ijj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jsf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jsg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3jtu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3l5v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3smb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3smb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3smb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3smc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3smc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3smc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3u18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3u18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3u18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wnr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wns	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	3wnt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4etg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4etg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4etg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4eui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4eui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4eui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4evg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4evg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4evg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4f2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4f2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4f2k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gro	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4grr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4gru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4k9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4k9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4k9g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4osf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4osf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4osf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4oyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4oyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4oyq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4p01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4p01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4p01	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4p0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4p0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4p0h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4pkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4pkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4pkk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4pkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4pkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4pkz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4plu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4plu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4plu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4trf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4tru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4tru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4tru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4wrb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4xx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4xx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4xx7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4xx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4xx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4xx8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	4z1u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5b4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5b4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5b4o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bs9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5bsj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5cg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5cg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5cg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5eiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5eiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5eiz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5hvv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5j7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5j7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5j7p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5j7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5j7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5j7q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5umj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5umj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5umj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5umk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5umk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5umk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5uzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5uzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5uzy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5v70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5v70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5v70	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5v73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5v73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	5v73	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b1c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b1k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6b2c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cb5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.2.1	pdb	6cbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3	pdb	2vre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3	pdb	2vre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3	pdb	2vre	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.2	pdb	2dho	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.2	pdb	2i6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.2	pdb	2i6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.2	pdb	2icj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.2	pdb	2ick	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.2	pdb	2pny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	1sg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	1sg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	1sg4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	2cqu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	2f6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	2f6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	2f6q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.8	pdb	4u1a	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bss	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bst	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4bsu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4kng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4kng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4kng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4kng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4kng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4kng	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4ufr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4ufr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4ufr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4ufr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4ufs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4ufs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.12	pdb	4ufs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bpu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bq8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.3.14	pdb	5bqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	1bjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	1mek	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	1x5c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	1x5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	2alb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	2bjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	2dmm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	2h8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	2h8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	2h8l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	2k18	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3bj5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3f8u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3idv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3ph9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3ph9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3uem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3uvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3uvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3uvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3uvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3uvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3vww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3vww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	3w8j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4ef0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4ef0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4ekz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4el1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4el1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4gwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4gwr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4i6x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4ju5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4nwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4nwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4nwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	4nwy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	6eny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	6eny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	6eny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	6eny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.4.1	pdb	6eny	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1iyi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1v40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1v40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1v40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	1v40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2cvd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vcz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2vd1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2wwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	2wwp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3ee2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3ee2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3kxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3kxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3o19	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3o22	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3o2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3o2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	3vi7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ec0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ec0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4edy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4edy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4edz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4edz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4edz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4edz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ee0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ee0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4imn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4imo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4orr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ors	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ors	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4oru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4oru	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4orw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4orw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4orx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4ory	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4os0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4os0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4os3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4os3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4os8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	4os8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5ais	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5ais	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5ais	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5ais	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aiv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5aix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.2	pdb	5wy9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	3dww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	3dww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	3dww	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	4al0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	4al1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	4yk5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	4yl0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	4yl1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	4yl3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	5bqg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	5bqh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	5bqi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	5k0i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	5t36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	5t37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.3	pdb	5tl9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.4	pdb	2iag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.4	pdb	2iag	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.4	pdb	3b6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.3.99.4	pdb	3b6h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5epc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5epc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5f9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5f9c	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5hsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5hsh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5jn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5jn5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5tr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.2	pdb	5tr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	1t8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	1t8p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2a9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2a9j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2f90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2f90	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2h4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2h4x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2h4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2h4z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2h52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2h52	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2hhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	2hhj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	3nfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.4	pdb	3nfy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	2amy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	2fuc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	2fue	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	2q4r	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	6cfr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	6cfs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	6cft	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	6cfu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.8	pdb	6cfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yfk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	1yjx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	4gpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	4gpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	4gpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.2.11	pdb	4gpz	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99	pdb	5kkp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.2	pdb	2xij	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.2	pdb	2xiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.2	pdb	2xiq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.2	pdb	3bic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.2	pdb	3bic	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.7	pdb	1w6j	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.7	pdb	1w6k	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.12	pdb	4iqm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.12	pdb	4its	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.12	pdb	4j37	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.12	pdb	4nz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.12	pdb	4nz6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.4.99.12	pdb	4nz7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a31	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a35	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1a36	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1ej9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1ej9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1ej9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1k4t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1lpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1lpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1lpq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1nh3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1r49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1r49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1r49	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1rr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1rr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1rr8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1rrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1rrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1rrj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1sc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1sc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1sc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1sc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1seu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1seu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1seu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1seu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1t8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1t8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1t8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1t8i	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1tl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1tl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1tl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	1tl8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	4cgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	4cgy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	4cht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	4cht	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	5gvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	5gvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	5gve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.2	pdb	5gve	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	1zxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	1zxm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	1zxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	1zxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	1zxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	1zxn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	3qx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	3qx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	3qx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	3qx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	3qx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	3qx3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4fm9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0v	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4g0w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4j3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4r1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4r1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4r1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	4r1f	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	5.99.1.3	pdb	5gwk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6	pdb	2yu4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6	pdb	4ylr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6	pdb	4yls	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	1n3l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	1ntg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	1ntg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	1ntg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	1ntg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	1q11	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	2pid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	2pid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	3zxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	3zxi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	4q93	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	4qbt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	5thh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.1	pdb	5thl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	1o5t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	1r6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	1r6t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	1r6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	1r6u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	1ulh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	1ulh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2ake	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2ake	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2azx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2azx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2azx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2azx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2dr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2dr2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2quh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2quh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2qui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2qui	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2quj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2quj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	2quk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	5ekd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	5ekd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	5uji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	5uji	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	5ujj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.2	pdb	5ujj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	1wwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4hwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4hwt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4p3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4p3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4p3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4p3n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4ttv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4ttv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4ttv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.3	pdb	4ttv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.4	pdb	2wfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.4	pdb	2wfd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	4xem	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	4xeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	4xeo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5knn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5t5s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5t76	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.7	pdb	5v59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	2djv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	4bl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	4bl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	4bvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	4bvx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	4bvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	4bvy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	5gl7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.10	pdb	5goy	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	3vbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	3vbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	3vbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	3vbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	3vbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	3vbb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4l87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4rqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4rqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4rqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4rqe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4rqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4rqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.11	pdb	4rqf	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.12	pdb	4ah6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.12	pdb	4ah6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.12	pdb	4ah6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.12	pdb	4ah6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.12	pdb	4j15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.12	pdb	4j15	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	4hvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	4hvc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	4k86	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	4k87	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	4k88	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a1n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a34	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5a5h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5v58	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5vad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.15	pdb	5vad	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	1fyj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.17	pdb	5bmu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.18	pdb	4ye6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.18	pdb	4ye8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.18	pdb	4ye9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4q2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4q2t	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4q2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4q2x	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4q2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4q2y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4r3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4r3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4r3z	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.19	pdb	4zaj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3cmq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3hfv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3l4g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3teg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3tup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	3tup	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	5mgh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	5mgu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	5mgv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.20	pdb	5mgw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	1x59	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	2lw7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4g84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4g84	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4g85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4g85	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4phc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4phc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4phc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4phc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4x5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.21	pdb	4x5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.22	pdb	4zya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.22	pdb	4zya	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.22	pdb	5xix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.22	pdb	5xix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.22	pdb	5xix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.1.1.22	pdb	5xix	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1r4n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1tt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1tt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1tt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1tt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1tt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1tt5	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1yov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1yov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1yov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	1yov	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	2lq7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	2nvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	2nvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	2nvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	2nvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	2nvu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbh	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3dbr	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3fn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3fn1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3gzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3gzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3gzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3gzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3gzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	3gzn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1	pdb	5jjm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	2vze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	2vze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	2vze	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	2wd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	2wd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	2wd9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	3b7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	3c5e	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	3day	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	3eq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	3eq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	3gpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.2	pdb	3gpc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.4	pdb	6g4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.2.1.4	pdb	6g4q	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2ojw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2ojw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2ojw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2ojw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2ojw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.1.2	pdb	2qc8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	2l0b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	2lfe	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	2ma6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3icu	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3j92	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3l4h	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3lrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3lrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3lrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3lrq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3pg6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	3q1d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4kbq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4mvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4mvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4mvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4mvt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4naw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4nqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4nqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	4nqj	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	5dka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	5dka	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	5h9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	5h9m	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2	pdb	5trb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.3	pdb	2hgs	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	4cfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	4cfg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	4ltb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	4ltb	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5fer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5fer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5fer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5fer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5fer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5fer	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	5nt1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	6flm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	6flm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	6flm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	6fln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	6fln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.n3	pdb	6fln	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.5	pdb	1p9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.5	pdb	1p9o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	1y6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	1y6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	1y6l	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	1yrv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	1zuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	1zuo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2a4d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2f4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2f4w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2qgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2qgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2qgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2qgx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2z5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2z5d	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2z6o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	2z6p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	3ceg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	3ceg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	3ehv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	3ehv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	3ehv	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7s	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	4k7w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5a4p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5din	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5din	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5fqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5fqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5fqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5fqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5fqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.2.19	pdb	5fqd	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.3.1	pdb	2v9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.3.1	pdb	2v9y	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.3.2	pdb	3hxt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.3.2	pdb	3hy3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.3.2	pdb	3hy4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.3.2	pdb	3hy6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	2v4u	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	2vkt	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	2vo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	2vo1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	3ihl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	3ihl	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	5u03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	5u03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	5u03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.2	pdb	5u03	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.4	pdb	2v40	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.5	pdb	2nz2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.13	pdb	2qk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.13	pdb	2qk4	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.16	pdb	2yvq	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.16	pdb	5dot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.16	pdb	5dot	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.16	pdb	5dou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.16	pdb	5dou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.16	pdb	5dou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.16	pdb	5dou	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.21	pdb	4yub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.4.21	pdb	4yub	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.5.2	pdb	2vpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.5.2	pdb	2vpi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.5.2	pdb	2vxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.3.5.2	pdb	2vxo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg3	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.1	pdb	3bg9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	2dn8	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	2hjw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	2kcc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	2yl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	2yl2	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3ff6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3ff6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3ff6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3ff6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3gid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3gid	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3glk	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3jrw	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3jrx	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	3tdc	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	4asi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	4asi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	4asi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	4asi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	4asi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	4asi	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	4hq6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	5kkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.2	pdb	5kkn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.4.1.4	pdb	2ejm	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1ik9	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1imo	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1in1	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1uw0	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1x9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1x9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1x9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	1x9n	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	2e2w	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3ii6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3ii6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3ii6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3ii6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3ii6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3ii6	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3l2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3l2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3l2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3l2p	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3pc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3pc7	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3qvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3qvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3qvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3qvg	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3vnn	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3w1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3w1b	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3w1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3w1g	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	3w5o	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	4hto	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	4htp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	4htp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	4htp	organism	Homo sapiens	
ecNumber	6.5.1.1	pdb	4htp	organism	Homo sapiens	
